Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Brett! 
Customer: Hey Joe, I just Placed an Order (1000023379) unforuntly i didnt realize that i had placed 3 of MCP-220-73301-0N in my cart, which are not compatible with my Server.
Agent: I see. Do you need to take those three items off your order ?
Customer: If you could, that would be great!
Agent: The only way to do this will be canceling the order and reorder again
Customer: thats fine!
Agent: You can cancel your order after login to your account https://store.supermicro.com/customer/account/login/referer/aHR0cHM6Ly9zdG9yZS5zdXBlcm1pY3JvLmNvbS8_dXRtPWhlYWRlcg%2C%2C/ Go to My account --> My orders
Customer: got it! very good, sorry I wasn't aware of that feature. Thank you so much!
Agent: No worries, Glad to help ! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: No Thank You, Joe. 5 Stars. Brett Lovell left the following comment: Great Job!
Agent: You're welcome.  Thanks! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hi Kyle, I bought a Quadro RTX 6000 for this server - SYS-1029P-WTRT Unfortunately it appears that i doesn't fit physically looking for assistance on what cards will work Thanks!
Agent: Hi Jon That's unfortunate, but let me check which cards are
Customer: Thanks man
Agent: On both our site and Nvidia, it looks like the only compatible one is the Tesla T4.  https://www.supermicro.com/en/support/resources/gpu https://www.nvidia.com/en-us/data-center/resources/vgpu-certified-servers/?manufacturer=Supermicro&Height=All%20Heights&CardModels=All%20Card%20Models We don't carry any GPUs on the eStore so you'll have to check with distributors/resellers for that oen *one Can I help you with anything else?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email    It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Will!
Customer: I'd like to order one server from you. where could I get quotation.
Agent: Do you have an eStore account created with us?
Customer: not yet
Agent: Please register an account and let me know your email address. https://store.supermicro.com/customer/account/create/ 
We can grant you access to browse and configure our current server selection.
Customer: OK, just created an account willwang@picoai.tech
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: thanks, I like a quotation for 4124 and 4029-TRT2
Agent: Unfortunately, we don't carry the SYS-4029GP-TRT2 or 4124 on our eStore. However, we do have several system that might meet your qualify on our eStore. You now can be able to configure and see the price of our available systems on our eStore. Please log out and log back in to see this page https://store.supermicro.com/system.html
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? what's the server with GPU? Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Will!
Customer: Yes, where could I order 4124 or 4029 servers? No GPU is OK
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry SYS-4029GP-TRT2 on our eStore. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.
https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: that's fine. thanks
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Michelle!
Customer:  Hi. I’m looking to see if the MCP-290-00056-0N rail will work on my car-813m chassis.
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: Cse not car thanks
Agent: Yes, MCP-290-00056-0N will work with CSE-813M
Customer: perfect. My server rack is only about 22” deep, this rail will fit that right?  Also, Do you take returns?
Agent: That I'm not 100% sure, but I believe it should be OK. 

Yes, you'll have 30 days from the day you received the product to return it.
Customer: ok. Thank you
Agent: No problem! Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Will
Customer: for your workstation 7049, do you have one to support PCIe Gen4 instaed of Gen3?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  The PCIe that come with the motherboard is only Gen 3 unfortunately We have the PCIe Gen 4 workstation which is SYS-740A-T
 https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/system/Workstation/Tower/SYS-740A-T https://store.supermicro.com/sys-740a-t.html We also have the AMD workstation which also has PCIe gen 4: (AS -5014A-TT) https://store.supermicro.com/amd-threadripper-workstation-as-5014a-tt-pre-config.html It will be configurable by tomorrow. If you are interested in the AS -5014A-TT configuration, please come back tomorrow
Customer: How many GPUs they could be installed
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: Thanks Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Will!  Please give me a moment while I check for you on the GPU For the AS -5014A-TT you can have 4GPU but will depend on which GPU you want to add  And the SYS-740A-T can support 2 GPU  You can also check GPU supports through this link https://www.supermicro.com/en/support/resources/gpu They will have more information about GPUs support for each system on this page Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: That's it. Thanks
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Bernhard!
Customer: Hi! I'd like to buy the OOB license für my server board, but in the checkout process I can only enter a US invoice address. How can I enter an international address? (I am located in Austria/Europe)
Agent: Unfortunately, our OOB license is only available for US-based customers (US billing address) to purchase at this time. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy
 I apologize for the inconvenience.
Customer: Ok, thank you for the information!
And have a nice day,
Bernhard
Agent: No problem Bernhard! Thank you, and you as well!
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hi Joe Hope you are doing well I currently have a supermicro blade enclosure with 4 power supplies. One has failed and I am looking to buy a replacement This is the model
https://store.supermicro.com/2000w-blade-pws-2k01a-br.html I see that it is out of stock Is there any possibility of restocking that item or any way I can purchase it from supermicro?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: Sure, thank you
Agent: This item is running low but I can check to see if we can transfer one for your to purchase Can I email you after checking internally ? Is domenic.r@setplex.com the best email to reach you ?
Customer: Okay that'd be great thank you. Yes that email is best
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Nope, just looking to purchase this one item
Agent: Got it. Will you update with you via email. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Thanks you too! Hello. How may I help you? Hi I am looking for storage solution for our office. Can you give me an advice on that?
Agent: Hi Eugene Sure How many drives were you planning to have? What form factor chassis/case did you want? Do you have an eStore account with us already so that you can browse our selection?
Customer: I am thinking about up to 24 hot swapable 3.5" SATA drives, with 2x2.5" SSDs
Agent: Oh ok, thanks! We may have a server that has those specs. Meanwhile, can you create an account so that I can provide you access? https://store.supermicro.com/customer/account/create/
Customer: will do just created an account
Agent: Ok thanks with this email address? eugenek@safeai.ai
Customer: yes
Agent: Ok found it, took awhile to refresh. You should have access now. Please log into your account to view the Servers tab So I was checking what we can offer and I'm sorry, the 24 Hot-swappable drives were for 2.5" ones. The closest server that we can offer is a 45 drive bay. 
Customer: another option would be 24 3.5" drives with expansion later
Agent: The only 24 drive bay options we currently have are for 2.5" drives. T

he 12 drive bay option is what we can only offer for 3.5", then it jumps to 45 unfortunately.  Let me check if we have any upcoming ones though down the road
Customer: can you send me the spec for 45 drives?
Agent: Sure Our SSG-6049P-E1CR45H does support up to 45 3.5" or 2.5" drives, 12 just need to be occupied at the minimum.  https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-4u-superstorage-server-ssg-6049p-e1cr45h.html it has 2 x rear drive slots for SSD as well Also 6 internal drives as well Do you plan on using up to 24+ drives? This would be ideal for future expansion in this case
Customer: Let me check
Agent: Ok  The 6 internal drives are for NVMe btw and non-hot swappable
Customer: How you swap the drives? Do you need to remove the cover ?
Agent: For the 45 drives, they are hot-swappable from the top. The internal NVMe drives, you will have to though
Customer: Another question. Will it support  JBOD configuration?
Agent: Let me check on that
Customer: also, does it come with OS?
Agent: Windows Server 2019 can be added. For other OS, you will have to install yourself. 
Customer: I am thinking on TrueNAS on BSD
Agent: This doesn't look to have JBOD capabilities unfortunately. 
Customer: Any other JBOD capable models?
Agent: Not sold from the eStore. You'd have to check with our Sales team on those options.  https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/chassis?pro=filter%3Dfeature%26feature%3DJBOD Sales-USA@supermicro.com The servers we carry on the eStore don't have the expander backplanes needed for JBOD functionality Well the 45-bay and 60-bay do but internally for the amount of drives they support within themselves
Customer: Great! Thank you very much. I'll try to reach sales dept.
Agent: Sounds good, you're welcome!  If you have any other questions, let me know. 
Customer: this server looks promising:
https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/chassis?pro=filter%3Dfeature%26feature%3DJBOD
Agent: Which model? It took me to the general page showing all of them
Customer: SuperChassis 946LE1C-R1K66JBOD Can you quote it?
Agent: I can't from our end since we don't offer this particular one on the eStore. Please check with our Sales team on this. 
Customer: Got it.👍
Agent: Np! Can I help you with anything else?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email    It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Michael
Customer: Di you ship to Australia?
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, our Supermicro eStore currently only ships within the United States. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.
https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy 
Customer: OK thanks
Agent: You're welcome. Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: Not today. Only suggest that the US shipping policy only changeds to International as well.
Agent: I will pass your suggestion  Thank you. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: thanks, by Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Valeriu!
Customer: hello Jim
Agent: How can I help you?
Customer: I have a motherboard  X9DRi-LN4F+ 2 processor - E5 2679v2 I can't find a memory for her ??
Agent: What capacity memory are you looking for? And what speed?
Customer: 32 Gb  - LRDIMM !
Agent: OK, please give me one moment to check. It looks like there's only 1 32GB LRDIMM that's been validated for your motherboard:

MEM-DR332L-SL05-LR16 It's a 32GB DDR3-1600 4Rx4 LP ECC LR DIMM You will have to check with our resellers for availability since we don't carry it on our eStore.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy
Customer: Such memory can be filled in all 24 slots ??
Agent: Yes, you should be able to fill all 24 slots with this memory. Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: That is, it works in rank 4 !! ???
Agent: Yes, this is a rank 4 DIMM
Customer: But there is one that works in Octal ???
Agent: I'm not sure what you mean?
Customer: What can you say about her ??
Agent: Are you asking about other LRDIMMs with lower rank? I'm not understanding your question, sorry
Customer: I also do not understand the drawing from the document  !
Agent: What document are you referring to?
Customer: https://www.supermicro.com/support/resources/memory/X9_DP_memory_config.pdf E5-2600 v2 (Ivy Bridge)
Socket R Memory Configuration !!!
Agent: So from my understanding, each CPU can support 12 quad rank DIMMs. Since you're using 2 CPUs, you can support 24 total, which is all of the slots on the motherboard
Customer: Ranks per DIMM  - Octal & Quad  = Maximum LRDIMMs per
CPU  12
Agent: Right, so each CPU supports 12 total DIMMs, and with 2 CPUs in your system you can support a total of either 24 octal or quad rank DIMMs
Customer: is everything  right ?? but is it one and the same memory - or is it different ??
Agent: We don't recommend mixing and matching memory so you'll have to use the same one. So all 24 would have to be quad rank or all 24 would have to be octal rank In this case, if you're going with MEM-DR332L-SL05-LR16, all 24 should be MEM-DR332L-SL05-LR16.
Customer: OK, thanks - Jim !!!
Agent: No problem Valeriu! Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: No, thank you very much !!
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: 👌 Hello. How may I help you? Hello, I currently have a 846BA-R920B with the redundant 920W PSUs and I was wondering if a higher wattage PSU is compatible with it and the current power distributor.
Agent: Hi Chandler I can check, please give me a moment
Customer: Thank you
Agent: How much higher wattage are you looking for?
Customer: Probably around 1280W.
Agent: Ok thanks PWS-1K21P-1R is the closest one, but we are currently out of stock. The next one up is 1400W https://store.supermicro.com/1200w-1u-pws-1k21p-1r.html The 1400W option is also out of stock unfortunately.  PSU shortages unfortunately
Customer: Ok, do either of these come in the quiet version as well or is that not an option on these? And that's okay, planning for an upgrade and not in a rush.
Agent: There's PWS-1K41P-SQ, but it looks to be EOL (end of life)  so it doesn't look like there is a SQ version with higher wattage that is compatible unless you search for that 1400W version from our resellers/distributors PWS-1K28P-SQ may also work actually, it wasn't listed for me Also out of stock, but you can search for that too 
Customer: Perfect, thank you for the part numbers!
Agent: You're welcome! You're best option looks to be the 1280W one followed by the 1400W for the SuperQuiet versions Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: That's everything, thanks!
Agent: Np! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hi, do you have fan : 0126L4 in stock?
Agent: Hi Abdur! May I know where you are located?
Customer: Toronto, Canada
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, our Supermicro eStore currently only ships within the United States. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy 
Customer: Thanks
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: No , thanks. I will check first this fan and will jump to next fan later on
Agent: You're welcome.  I see. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Bye Hello. How may I help you? Hi there! I ordered something yesterday around 1pm central time and paid for overnight shipping. I see it's status is still at 2, 'In Warehouse'.
Agent: Hi Gabriel The system is still being built. Once it is built within the next day or 2, it will ship out with overnight shipping. You will get a shipping confirmation once it has ship.  
Customer: Mmmm... This is unclear.  A the top of the item, it says "Ships within 3-5 business days" and "In Stock".

On the shipping methods page, it has 'Standard (3~5 business days)' and then 'Overnight (Next business day)'.

No where on here does it indicate that there are additional days for assembly. The closest thing is the "All Supermicro desktop/workstation systems sold in the North America are assembled and tested at our production facilities in San Jose, CA Headquarters."

But this still doesn't clarify that
Agent: Yeah understandable, I apologize for the confusion.  Yeah it typically takes 1-2 business days for assembly. 
Customer: The issue is I will be out of town when it is delivered now.  I'll see if I can figure something out with a friend, but I wish I knew this ahead of time so there's not a desktop sitting in front of my door for 2 days. I know that isn't your fault though.
Agent: Oh no, that's unfortunate. Hopefully that's not the case, or your friend can accommodate for your delivery. 
Customer: Could you pass my complaint along to someone who can clarify this for future purchasers?
Just a "Takes 1-2 days to build in addition to shipping time" on the product page and/or shipping page?
Agent: Yeah I just passed my concern to management as well.  on this very line
Customer: Thank you!
Agent: You're welcome
Customer: Do you happen to know if the packages are usually delivered in the morning or evening for next day delivery, or does that just vary a lot?

To try to coordinate with a friend to grab it.
Agent: For overnight delivery, it can vary so I'd recommend checking what's on the FedEx site. 

If it was priority overnight, it would deliver by 10:30AM local time.  They usually deliver morning/noonish from my experience but it can vary depending on your area. 
Customer: Oof.. they'll all be at work, but hopefully it works out! At least it's not for the whole weekend.

Anyway, I appreciate that help, Kyle!  I'm optimistic it won't be an issue!
Agent: NP, of course and I sure hope its not an issue! Again, I apologize for the confusion and hope we can get this wording updated on our end. 
Customer: Thanks, Kyle!  Have a good day, sir!
Agent: Thank you! It was nice talking to you. Have a good day as well, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Steve!
Customer: Hello Liz! I'm looking for a way to convert this chassis into a low profile rear breakout. I know this item I'm looking for is not to be found in your eStore. But I'd like to see if this is possible?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  Can you please explain a little bit for the low profile rear breakout?
Customer: This would be the entire rear bracket, which would convert from 802WB to 802LPB style bracket. The bracket is removeable on the CSE-825MBTQC-R802WB, and does seem to be exactly compatible with the LPB bracket provided in model # CSE-825MBTQ-R802LPB.
Agent: I see. I could check internally for this. Can I email you back via email swilliams@nverzion.com? Thank you for your information
Customer: Yes, absolutely. Thank you Liz!
Agent: You're welcome. 
Customer: If this is possible, I would likely need ten of these brackets total.
Agent: Sound good! I will email you back as soon as I can. Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: That is all for now!
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: You too, goodbye
Agent: Thanks
Customer: Steve Williams left the following comment: Liz is amazing! Hello. How may I help you? I am trying to find out if I can have one of the SNK-P0078AP4 overnighted to me so I can have it for tomorrow and the cost.
Agent: Hi Sarah. I'll have to check on our inventory since we're currently out of stock
Customer: I did place two orders and one was schedule to arrive yesterday and didn't show and the other is scheduled to arrive on Monday. I am just trying to locate one for testing.
Agent: Ahh OK. I can definitely transfer an additional unit over so you can purchase, but the window for the transfer + purchase + shipping cut off might be pretty tight since our shipping cut off is 3:30 PM. As long as the transfer and order is placed before that, it should arrive tomorrow if you choose overnight shipping.
Customer: Do you know how many you can transfer for purchase?
Agent: How many did you need for tomorrow?
Customer: I really need one by tomorrow.
Agent: We can definitely do one.
Customer: do you have an additional 30 that can be transferred in addition to the one. There would be no rush for the additional 30
Agent: Yes, we should also be able to accommodate that. I'll put the transfer request in now and follow up with you via email once it's completed.
Customer: Great, thank you so much.
Agent: No problem Sarah!# Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: no that is all. thank you
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? ANY PROMO CODE?
Agent: Hi Javiela ! I am sorry but we don't have an coupon code available at the moment Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hi Kyle,  do we have OOB license key installed with the 4124GSTNR chassis? or we need to buy these key separately?
Agent: Hi Juan It would depend if you purchased it along with your server from your reseller or Sales person. Do you have the serial number of the system?
Customer: Sure give me a sec S404070X1907784
Agent: Thanks
Customer: PO# SMC100721 theres a bunch of SN on that PO just wanted to double check if they have OOB licensed installed
Agent: it does have OOB installed on it
Customer: Thanks for checking
Agent: You're welcome I would hope all of them do in this case
Customer: got it - thank you so much!
Agent: Np! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: 1 more thing please
Agent: Sure
Customer: Need ah Mini-SAS to SlimSASx4 cables to connect the RAID card le tme get the SN of the machine
Agent: ok
Customer: 1114CS-TNR S452392X1C09438
Agent: Thank you, please give me a moment while I check mini-SAS HD or just mini-SAS? The only one we carry is this one: https://store.supermicro.com/supemicro-slimline-sas-x8-le-to-2x-minisas-hd-70cm-cable-cbl-sast-0826.html
Customer: sff 8643 to mini sas does it exist? oh this one
Agent: 8643 is miniSAS HD  so miniSAS HD to miniSAS? so the backplane is slimline but the AOC is miniSAS? looks to be miniSAS HD on that AOC
Customer: yep
Agent: It looks like the optional part that our product page list is CBL-SAST-1260-100 MiniSAS HD x8 (LE) to 2x Slimline x4 (STR),60CM
Customer: is it available in estore?
Agent: We don't carry this one on the eStore unfortunately so you'll have to check with our distributors for that  https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy
Customer: got it thank you!
Agent: You're welcome Is there anything else I may help you with?
Customer: How can we check in our end for future reference, if OOB is installed is it visible somewhere in the IPMI web GUI?
Agent: Yeah it should show as activated  https://store.supermicro.com/software/out-of-band-oob-key-activation-guide under license activation, the license key SKU should show up
Customer: Thank you
Agent: you're welcome Anything else I can help you on?
Customer: That would be all thank you Kyle
Agent: Np! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: you too. thanks! juan ciriaco left the following comment: Good customer support Hello. How may I help you? Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Edward!
Customer: I am looking to get price availability for a MBD-X12SAE motherboard
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry any motherboards on our eStore. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy  You can also try checking with our Sales team:

Sales dept: Sales-USA@supermicro.com
Tel: +1-408-503-8000 Is there anything else I may help you with today?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email    It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hi, I have a customer with SYS-6019P-WTR and they have a PSU failure. The original PSU is PWS-706P-1R which is not available the recommended one it looks like is PWS-860P-1R2. Is that correct? and if replacing only 1 PSU with the newer model(PWS-860P-1R2) is that going to work? Or do both PSU's need to be replaced to the new model?
Agent: We recommend to use identical power supplies I can check if we can get 1 pc PWS-706P-1R  for you.
Customer: thank you
Agent: You're welcome.  I will update with you via email. Is matt.depaepe@mbx.com the best email to reach you ?
Customer: yes it is, thank you
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: that was all i needed. have a great rest of your day
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Thanks!
Customer: Matt left the following comment: Very helpful Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Shannon!
Customer: I am  trying to find a rail kit compatible with the X418G-X11 4U server chassis
Agent: May I know the full part number of your server chassis or it's serial number please?
Customer: That is the model number
Agent: I'm sorry I could not find any server from the  X418G-X11 Can you please provide the serial number of it by follow this https://www.supermicro.com/en/support/rma/sn?
Customer: Looking it up now Sys4029gptrt
Agent: Thank you! Please give me a moment while I check for you.  You can use the MCP-290-00057-0N https://store.supermicro.com/4u-5u-rail-kit-mcp-290-00057-0n.html 
Customer: Thank youi
Agent: and the MCP-290-00060-0N -Threaded rail adapter default for round hole rack if needed https://store.supermicro.com/rail-kit-adapter-set-mcp-290-00060-0n.html Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: That is it.  Thank you
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Jason! 
Customer: Can I get a tracking number for my most recent order?
Agent: Sure what is the order number please ?
Customer: Invoice #1000019974
Agent: https://www.fedex.com/fedextrack/?trknbr=979070769750&trkqual=12021~979070769750~FDEG It was delivered Sunday, 5/16/2021 at 10:49 am
Customer: That is not my order.
Agent: 1000019974 Correct?
Customer: I gave you the invoice number.  I now see the order number.  Order # 1000023392
Agent: 1000023392 was placed this morning at 6:43 am PST time
Customer: That sounds correct
Agent: One moment When the order is shipped out later today, the tracking info will be ready in your eStore account https://store.supermicro.com/trackorder/?order_id=1000023392&email_address=jbreitman@tildenparkcapital.com&submit=submit
Customer: ok.  Will I receive an email letting me know?
Agent: One moment Yes you will get an email notification 
Customer: great.  thanks.
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? I'd like to register our Supermicro systems on our account, but I don't have any documentation of our Customer ID. Can you help me with that?
Agent: Hi Chris Did you purchase these systems directly from Supermicro Sales team or from resellers?
Customer: Through a reseller, Dynamic IT I have the reseller's quote/invoice
Agent: Unfortunately, only direct Supermicro customers can register their systems currently. Not sure when or if there is an ETA for including reseller ones.  You'll have to check with your reseller for any warranty information 
Customer: Got it. Thanks for the clarification!
Agent: You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: That's all for today. Thanks
Agent: Sounds good. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Chris Zappe left the following comment: Quick and knowledgeable answer to my question. Thank you! Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi David
Customer: I have a failing power supply that I want to replace.  Can you suggest an alternative.
Agent: Sure, let me check for you.  The alternative power supply for the PWS-351-1H is  PWS-350-1H 
https://store.supermicro.com/350w-1u-pws-350-1h.html?queryID=6d0623cdfde75c22d5ed115329206ef0&objectID=697&indexName=supermicro_default_products Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: It says out of stock.  Are you getting more.
Agent: It's running low in stock currently, but we might can get more. May I know where are you located please? The reason I asked that our eStore currently only sells and ships within the US. We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email    It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi David!
Customer: How long would it take to get a PWS-351-1H Power supply shipped to Japan?  It also says the product is currently out of stock.
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, our Supermicro eStore currently only ships within the United States. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy 
Customer: ok.. thank you
Agent: No problem Is there anything else I may help you with today?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email   
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? I never received an email stating that my order has been shipped. Can you check?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  https://store.supermicro.com/trackorder/?order_id=1000023392&email_address=jbreitman@tildenparkcapital.com&submit=submit Tracking from FedExhttps://www.fedex.com/fedextrack/?trknbr=540500942080&trkqual=12023~540500942080~FDEG Tracking from FedEx  https://www.fedex.com/fedextrack/?trknbr=540500942080&trkqual=12023~540500942080~FDEG
Customer: great thanks
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: That is all.
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? My server chassis is missing the PCIe expansion card retaining clip. Is it possible to purchase a replacement?
Agent: Do you have a part number?
Customer: I believe it's MCP-290-51001-0N, but I'm not entirely certain.
Agent:   What is the chassis complete part number please ?
Customer: 5018D-FN4T
610aa: Please give me a moment while I check for you.
Agent:  PCIe expansion card retaining clip doesn't have a part number but I think you can check with RMA to see if they sell that part RMA department email address: rma@supermicro.com
RMA department phone #:  1-408-503-8000 option 3
 
Customer: It's listed as P/N MCP-290-51001-0N on the website https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/chassis/1U/510/SC510T-203B Sorry- wrong link! https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/chassis/Mini-1U/505/SC505-203B
Agent: Got it ! I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry MCP-290-51001-0N on our eStore. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy 
Customer: ok, thanks!
Agent: or you can check with RMA  RMA department email address: rma@supermicro.com
RMA department phone #: 1-408-503-8000 option 3 You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Nope, that's all
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Have a great day
Agent: Thanks!
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Gijs!
Customer: I am wondering where I can purchase aan OOB licence. I am in the Netherlands, Europe, but in my SuperMicro account I can only enter a US address. Consequently my credit card payment does not follow through.
Agent: I see We do carry OOB but we only can sell to US customers since our system rejects non-US credit card payments Do you have an US credit card ( tied to a US billing address)?
Customer: Do you happen to know a non US SuperMicro web-site where it can be done?
Agent: We don't have that unfortunately. You can always purchase OOB through resellers though.   Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.
https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy 
Customer: Ok. I will try that. Thanks for your help!
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email   
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hi Kyle. I wanted to know if the store sells the motherboard 'X11SCL-LN4F'
Agent: Hi John I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry any motherboards on our eStore. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy 
Customer: Ok, thank you.
Agent: You can also try checking with our Sales team at Sales-USA@supermicro.com if needed You're welcome Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Thanks it. Take care
Agent: Thanks! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: John Delaney left the following comment: quick and very helpful Hello. How may I help you? I have a x9scm-f Rev 1.1 motherboard.   The chipset fan is making a noise.  I'm afraid it will stop and overheat.  Where can I purchase a new fan?
Agent: Hi Stephen! Would you happen to know your chassis SKU? Our fans are generally recommended based off chassis compatibility 
Customer: Where would that be located
Agent: You can refer to our serial number guide here to locate a serial number:

https://www.supermicro.com/en/support/rma/sn
Customer: OK i'll go look hang on
Agent: OK, thank you Stephen
Customer: Ok I'm back the serial number is  zm19u37579
Agent: Thanks Stephen. Give me one moment to look this number up
Customer: there is a long number under a barcode if you need it
Agent: It looks like this is the serial number for the motherboard and I couldn't find a chassis associated to it. Is this motherboard housed in a supermicro chassis?
Customer: there is also a IPMI number I'm not sure, that is what the sticker said stuck on the motherboard
Agent: OK, lets try something else. Does your chassis look like any one of these 3 below?

https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/chassis/1U/113/SC113MTQ-330CB

https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/chassis/1U/512/SC512F-350B

https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/chassis/1U/813/SC813MTQ-350CB
Customer: No   It is a separate motherboard we purchased from newegg and we installed it into a tower.
Agent: Ahh OK
Customer: The mother board is stamped  "Super X9SCM-F"
Agent: Right, but even knowing the motherboard model, we wouldn't want to recommend a fan that wouldn't fit into your chassis. That's why we generally need to know the chassis make/model as well
Customer: What do you mean by chassis
Agent: The chipset fan you're looking for, is it for an active heatsink? or just a standard 40mm chassis fan the tower/barebone enclosure
Customer: It clipped directly onto the mother chipset I think it was like that when be bought the motherboard It has a little bar that fits across it and holds it down I notice online that the revision 1.2 does not have a fan. It just has a heatsink
Agent: Yea, I think that might be why I'm having trouble locating a part number for this fan
Customer: It might be too old
Agent: It might be best for you to check with our technical support team. They might be able to help you out.

Tech Support: Support@Supermicro.com
 1-408-503-8000
 I apologize for the inconvenience!
Customer: OK i'll give them a call thank you
Agent: No problem! Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: no thanks
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Clair!
Customer: Hello, we are looking to buy some SYS-E100-9W-H from the store. The spec sheet says the Mic-In & Line-Out are optional, and we need them. Do the SYS-E100-9W-H in the store include them?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: Thanks!
Agent: Can I get back to you on this ?
Customer: Yup do you think my tomorrow?
Agent: I want to check what parts you need for Mic-In & Line-Out  I am hoping I can get an answer by today
Customer: Perfect, thanks so much
Agent: Is networkreg@clairglobal.com the best email to reach you ?
Customer: Can you send it to slowe@clairglobal.com
Agent: How many SYS-E100-9W-H are you looking to purchase? Sure thing
Customer: 10
Agent: Sounds good. Let me check internally and get back to you as soon as I can Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Nope, thanks
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hello, can you please transfer me to Jim?
Agent: Hi Lea Jim is away for lunch right now. Can I help you with your request or did you want to check back later when he is back?
Customer: maybe you can... one of my customers is looking to buy a system SYS-740GP-TNRT GPU SKU number 10021520 plus a MB X12DPG-QT6. Is it available?
Agent: We don't carry this particular workstation as the closest one we have is SYS-740A-T, which has X12DAI-N6 installed.  https://store.supermicro.com/sys-740a-t.html
Customer: What is the price of that one?
Agent: At lowest cost, it would be around $3,900 before tax. Shipping would be free with standard ground shipping, otherwise, anything faster would also cost extra
Customer: I don't pay tax because it is for resale
Agent: If you have tax exempt, we'd refund you the tax you paid on it as well in that case
Customer: Do you have it in stock for immediate delivery?
Agent: We do have it in stock, ready to be configured, and ship out 1-2 business days after it has been built. 
Customer: what is mandatory to have in it, just the minimum?
Agent: So if you purchase it, it will take 1-2 business days to assembly build, then it would ship out.  let me check That's the minimum, 2 CPUs, 2 memory, 1 2TB HDD We also have this new AMD workstation available as well: https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-threadripper-performance-workstation-as-5014a-tt.html Starting today
Customer: OK, let me tell my customer and see if it fits his needs, I will get back to you guys. Thanks Kyle!! Happy New Year!
Agent: Sounds great! You're very welcome! Happy New Year as well!  I'll let Jim know as well, have a great day!
Customer: You too! Lea left the following comment: Always great customer service! Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Hal
Customer: Can I purchase a pedestal by itself
Agent: Can you explain a little bit for pedestal please?
Customer: in the past I purchased a CSE-743TQ-865B-SQ Pedestal Server Case, I don't see where I can purchase a case without building a server
Agent: Oh. You mean the chassis
Customer: yes
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry chassis on our eStore. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy 
Customer: They are hard to come by even through distributors like NewEgg
Agent: Isee. You also can contact with our sale team Sales-USA@supermicro.com for chassis
Customer: Ok thanks goodbye Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Thibault ! 
Customer: Hi there, I am trying to order 2 of these MCP-320-81302-0B but the website says that only 1 available but I need to contact support as you might have enough in inventory
Agent: I see. I can request more and email you when the stock is ready Is ravera.thibault@gmail.com the best email to reach you ?
Customer: Yeah
Agent: Thanks! I will email you when they are ready Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: No that's all Thanks!
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!   You're welcome. 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Toni
Customer: Hi... im in canada and want to get some parts.. when buying from this website do the parts come from US or Canada?
Agent: The part will come from the US. But unfortunately, our Supermicro eStore currently only ships within the United States. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy 
Customer: ok ..
Agent: I'm sorry for the inconvenience
Customer: also can  you check canadian stock availability on your end?
Agent: I'm sorry, but we don't have any information of our resellers stock. Please check with our resellers in Canada for availability.
Customer: ok Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Cory !
Customer: Hello.  I'd like to order the SuperCap/CasheVault for a server I just purchased.  I cannot find it listed anywhere on the store. The MB is X10DRH-CT
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry CasheVault on our eStore. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy 
Customer: OK.. Thank you.
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Nope.  I'm good.  Have a great day!
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Steve
Customer: Hello I just had a question about the rail pieces. Some of the rails are missing that little silver quickconnect bracket at either end of the rails. Is there somewhere I can buy just those little silver pieces?
Agent: May I know the part number of your chassis please?
Customer: you want the sys-1028gr-tr
Agent: yes, the system part number also good. Thank you for the information. Please give me a moment while I check for you.  Your rail set is the MCP-290-00054-0N. Do you have all the component shows as picture?
Customer: okay so those silver pieces at the end of the bracket (that have two square notches) that initially secure the rail to the 42U rack. I'm missing those. Is there a way to get just those pieces
Agent: I see. Please give me a moment while I check for you.  Unfortunately, we don't have the part number for those square notches. You can try contact the RMA department to see if they sell that part 
RMA department email address: rma@supermicro.com
RMA department phone #:  1-408-503-8000 option 3
 
Customer: okay it was worth a shot. Thanks much I appreciate you.
Agent: You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: not today
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Looking for a compatible Hot-Swap 3.5" Hard Drive Tray
Agent: Hi Bob! For the SSG-520P-ACTR12H?
Customer: yes
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  You can use MCP-220-00075-0B

https://store.supermicro.com/mcp-220-00075-0b.html
Customer: great thank you
Agent: No problem! Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: just have a nice weekend!!
Agent: Thanks, you too Bob!
Customer: Bob left the following comment: Jim was able to answer my question quickly Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Lyndell!
Customer: Hello I'm trying to get details on the add on network cards for the SYS-5019P-M system In the configurator, it simply says 10G 2xRJ45 Ethernet Adapter I'd like to know the specifics of that adapter, and if that doesn't fit the needs, how would I determine a compatable SuperMicro adapter to go with that server
Agent: What do you need as a network card?
Customer: I'm looking for the capabilities of the card, what controller it's using.  I'm interested in cards that support SR-IOV, among other capabilities
Agent: It uses Intel X550-AT2 Here is the link to the card https://www.supermicro.com/wdl/Networking_Drivers/CDR-NIC_1.62_for_Add-on_NIC_Cards/MANUALS/datasheet-AOC-STGS-i2T-i1T.pdf
Customer: Ok, so we are saying the add-on card to the SYS-5019P-M SuperServer is the AOC-STGS-i2T/i1T correct?
Agent: It is AOC-STGS-i2T, yes
Customer: If so I believe that will meet the needs, I'll need to do some further confirmation but at least I have something to research now Perfect, that's all I needed to know
Agent: Sounds good
Customer: Thank you for your support
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Thanks, you too Lyndell Hockersmith left the following comment: Knowledgeable and fast. Hello. How may I help you? Are the fans hot-swapable on this model
Agent: Hi James Let me check The middle fans are hot-swappable
Customer: it is fan A
Agent: https://store.supermicro.com/80mm-fan-0158l4.html Yeah any of the 3 can be hot-swapped
Customer: They do look like from the picture. I have not been on site yet
Agent: Is there a failed one?
Customer: Fan A
Agent: Oh ok understood You should be fine hot-swapping that one then with the model I linked
Customer: OK thank you!
Agent: You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: no I am good and happy new year
Agent: Thank you! Happy New Year as well! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day and weekend, goodbye! 
Customer: Bye Hello. How may I help you? Looking to see what SuperMicro has for 1u servers with NVMe storage.
Agent: Hi Stanley! These servers would most likely be your best option:

https://store.supermicro.com/ultra-server-1u-sys-1029u-tn10rt.html

https://store.supermicro.com/ultra-server-1u-sys-1029u-tr4.html

https://store.supermicro.com/sys-120u-tnr.html I believe the only model we have readily in stock is the 1029U-TR4 There's this one as well.

https://store.supermicro.com/sys-120c-tn10r.html It's a good mix of price + performance. The Ultra servers I provided above are pricier compared to the 120C-TN10R
Customer: looking at what you sent Under storage for the sys-1029u-tr4, it has storage 1TB M.2 XG6 NVMe Solid State Drive  is this a true NVMe and just in the m.2 format?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  Please bear with me for a few more minutes while I check for you.  Yes, it's an NVMe in M.2 format Although the 1029U-TR4 isn't really optimized for NVMe now that I'm reviewing the configuration. You would only be able to add up to 3 of those drives The 120C-TN10R is one of our newer gen servers and it's optimized for up to 8 NVMe drives
Customer: great fun with the configurator.  all the NVMe drives on the 120c-tn10r are out of stock.  hard to get prices that way.
Agent: Let me check on that real quick. Which drive were you trying to select?
Customer: I tried all of them under NVMe  there were ones under m.2 that were available
Agent: Ahh OK. I think I see the issue. The required cable for these drives is out of stock, but we've just updated the inventory internally. It might take a few minutes before that gets reflected on our website though If there's a specific drive you're interested in, I can double check on the inventory for that while we wait for our system to update?
Customer: lets just check for the 1.92TB 2.5" CM6 NVMe PCIe 4.0 Solid State Drive (1 x DWPD).  In the 960GB 2.5" CD6-R NVMe PCIe 4.0 Solid State Drive (1 DWPD) what does the -R mean?
Agent: OK, I'll check the 1.92 TB CM6.

For the -R, I believe that's something designated by the manufacturer (Kioxia), so I'm actually not sure, but speedwise the CM6 is much faster than CD6. We have enough in stock for the 1.92TB CM6 
Customer: I missed the CD6 vs CM6  I thought they were both CM6 and that the -R was read optimized.
Agent: Ahh OK Could you do a hard refresh of your browser (hold CTRL+F5)? You should be able to select that drive now.
Customer: What is the price of the 1.92Nvme drives?
Agent: Looks to be $535 per drive
Customer: That worked.  Thank you.
Agent: No problem!
Customer: What is the Rackmount Keyboard and Mouse Combo and I assume all servers come with rackmounts
Agent: It's just a keyboard and mouse combo that's included with our servers. Unfortunately, the mouse isn't pictured, but that's what the keyboard would look like Actually, I stand correct. The mouse is built in as a touchpad.
Customer: looks like a trackpad at the bottom
Agent: My mistake You should be able to configure this system now and the pricing reflected should be accurate If you configure something that you like, I should note that we can build and ship this system within 2-5 business days.
Customer: Sounds fine.  Still trying to find out requirements from my customer on drive space needed.    Thank you for the help.
Agent: No problem at all! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Can I have the cart sent to me or saved somehow?
Agent: Yea, access your cart again in the top right and on that screen, there's a Save Quote option that will save it as a PDF
Customer: Thanks again.
Agent: No problem! https://store.supermicro.com/checkout/cart/ Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: Nothing else now.  Comparing vendors is like comparing apples to oranges.  Can be difficult.
Agent: I know exactly what that feels like 😄  Anyways, it was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: You have a good day also.  Goodbye. Stanley Weilnau left the following comment: The advisor was very helpful. Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Stephen! 
Customer: I had a few servers in my cart and it seems that some of the parts are out of stock.
Agent: May I know what parts are those? Which servers are those also please?
Customer: SYS-2029U-TN24R4T It doesn't tell me which components are out of stock for my desired conf configuration
Agent: How many SYS-2029U-TN24R4T are you looking for ?
Customer: 1
Agent: Can you screen shot the message?
Customer: and 2 SYS-6019U-TR4 yeah, one sec
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: thank you
Agent: Was it a pre-config link ?
Customer: it was a build I created for both
Agent: When I tried to add 16 GB memory following your config, the 16 GB doesn't show on the list.  https://store.supermicro.com/ultra-server-1u-sys-6019u-tr4.html?queryID=184e2d240397d2ce438b85ac587f3a01&objectID=2634&indexName=supermicro_default_products
Customer: It looks like the 16GB of ram isn't available anymore along with the 3.2TB NVMe drives
Agent: Yeah, we might have had changed some options under memory Do you want to stick to your configuration ? I can see if I can make the pre-config links for you in this case
Customer: I would prefer my configs, but if you can't match them 100%, I would prefer something comparable for the same price, ie 12x16GB RAM 192GB total, or 24x8GB RAM for 192GB total
Agent: Got it ! So 2 pcs SYS-6019U-TR4 and 1 pc SYS-2029U-TN24R4T. Correct?
Customer: switching to 8GB sticks kinda screws me for the future upgrades though
Agent: Yeah I get what you mean
Customer: yes
Agent: Let me work on the pre-config following your preferred config and go from there
Customer: Thank you
Agent: Can I email you via slewis@bitdefender.com?
Customer: yes
Agent: Thanks! I will email you as soon as I can Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Do you have pricing info for the onsite service stuff?
Agent: No, unfortunately eStore doesn't have onsite service available and we wouldn't know the pricing either  
Customer: Ok, that's fine. I sent an email asking for more info from them and never heard back.
Agent: Who did you email ?
Customer: onsiteservice@supermicro.com
Agent: I see. I can email them as well. Hope that will help.
Customer: Thank you
Agent: You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: Nope, that's it. Thank you.
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Is it possible to get a replacement bracket for the 2U cable management arm that connects to a 836 chassis? We have the arm and the chassis side bracket for a different chassis.
Agent: Hi Zack So like one of the brackets included in our cable arm management?
Customer: Yeah, I think the original installer threw it away, and we're reusing the arm after upgrading a server.
Agent: Oh I see, that's unfortunate.  Unfortunately, we only sell as a complete cable management kit. You may have to check with our RMA team at rma@supermicro.com if they have any spare ones that can sell or provide. 

Otherwise, you may have to purchase the whole kit again. 
Customer: I'll keep looking around for it and if I don't find it soon I'll reach out to the RMA team. Thank you
Agent: Ok sounds good. Let me check for an actual part for the brackets just in case Was it for MCP-290-00073-0N? that's the cable arm you were looking at?
Customer: Yeah
Agent: Ok give me a moment It doesn't look like there are any separate parts for the components. Sorry about that part# I meant
Customer: Thanks for checking!
Agent: You're welcome Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Nope, that should be it.
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: You too! Zack Zieske left the following comment: Kyle was very helpful, even if what I needed wasn't available. Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Gabriel! 
Customer: Hi there! I ordered a workstation with overnight shipping and it hasn't showed up.  I called Fedex about it and they said it would be delivered tomorrow.  With the delayed status, they did not get info on why it was delayed and I had to call them to resolved it (I originally thought it may have been weather/snow). I asked them if I could get a refund since it will have been 5 days before I received it, and they said I had to contact you about it instead.
Agent: What is the order number please ?
Customer: just a moment Order #1000023384 Shipment #1000018038
Agent: I am sorry to hear that FedEx has not delivered the package. We will request for a refund in this case.  Can I update with your via email after checking with FedEx ? Is contact@gabrielhatcher.org the best email to reach you?
Customer: Of course! And yep, that's the best one
Agent: Thanks! I will email you regarding this shipping delay and go from there. I am sorry for the inconvenience !  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Thank you for the help! I know this is a FedEx problem.  I don't know what they would have done with it if I hadn't called them, but they didn't send me any info like "Please contact us" or the like.

Thank you for helping!  I don't need help with anything else
Agent: You're welcome.  Hope you will get the package tomorrow !  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Thank you!  Have a great day!
Agent: Thanks!
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Meghan!
Customer: Hi, I have excess inventory of SNK-P0043P.  Do you buy excess inventory?
Agent: I am sorry but we don't purchase inventory
Customer: ok thank you
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? I am looking for the MCP-290-00058-0N rail kits and need to know if you have any available?
Agent: Hi Jack
Customer: I need 4-6 sets Hello Kyle
Agent: We should have it, but currently have 3 available. Let me check if we can get more https://store.supermicro.com/2u-5u-rail-kit-mcp-290-00058-0n.html
Customer: That's the one
Agent: Did you want 6 pcs?
Customer: If possible, I will take the 3 you currently have to start
Agent: Ok sounds good. Did you still want me to transfer 3 more and email you once they are available?
Customer: Yes please
Agent: Ok sounds good, will do. May be several hours till they are ready.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: No, you have been a big help.  I will add them to my cart and complete the order for the 3 available
Agent: Sounds great!  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: You too Jack Palmer left the following comment: Great service from Kyle Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi John
Customer: hello. are you able to overnight RAM MEM-DR432LC-ER32
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  Yes, the order should be shipped by the end of the day if you choose overnight shipping method it will delivered by tomorrow 
Customer: great. Thank you.
Agent: You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: not today. Thanks
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hello Jim,  Just talked to Kyle and he said you actually had 3 of the MCP-290-00058-0N oil sets in stock, he was going to contact me when the others I need are in stock.  The site will not let me add the 3 stating you have 0 stock.  What should I do?
Agent: Hi Jack! Please give me a moment while I check for you.  Can you try adding 3 again? You might have to refresh the page
Customer: Will do Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Ricardo!
Customer: 
Hi good morning
Agent: Are you looking to purchase X10SRi-F?
Customer: yes.
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry motherboard on our eStore. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy 
Customer: Okay, and some supermicro server that seems to be performing
Agent: Sorry can you explain a little what you meant?
Customer: ok your company sells complete servers or only pieces
Agent: Are you talking about selling parts as well as the servers?
Customer: my english is not very good, they speak spanish
Agent: Our eStore sells parts as well as the servers May I know where you are located?
Customer: Honduras
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, our Supermicro eStore currently only ships within the United States. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy  Can I help you with anything else?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email    It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Jason
Customer: My order says Pending...but I got a call from my Data Center saying they received a package for you. Order # 1000023313 not for you....from you
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: Okay
Agent: The order was shipped out on 12/31 I'm sorry that our system did not update
Customer: Can you please provide a tracking number?
Agent: Can I get back with you via email for the tracking number? is the level3@lightspeedvoice.com best email to contact with you?
Customer: Yes it is, and thanks.  My data center need the tracking number for safe storage. :)
Agent: Thank you for confirming. I will get back via email for the tracking number as soon as I can.
Customer: TY
Agent: Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: No, thanks Liz!
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? I am inquiring about our tax exempt status.
Agent: Hi Sarah!
Customer: We sent the paperwork over but I am still showing tax on our invoices.
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  Can you confirm when you sent the tax exempt certificate to us?  I'm trying to look for the email, but I'm not seeing anything from the past week
Customer: December 21st
Agent: Ah OK, was it from purchasing@ipconfigure.com?
Customer: it should have come from accounting@ipconfigure.com
Agent: It doesn't look like we received one from account@ipconfigure.com, only purchasing@ipconfigure.com.

While I can confirm we did receive the tax exempt certificate, order numbers weren't provided on the email. Joe responded back to that email requesting the order numbers for the tax exempt request, but we never got a reply back.  Would you be able to check internally to have the sender respond back with the order numbers?
Customer: I will take care of that. How far back can we request the adjustment for?
Agent: I believe it's for orders within 30 days. 
Customer: Thanks so much
Agent: No problem Sarah! Is there anything else I may help you with today?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email    It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? I am looking for a power supply for this model chassis and I am having difficulty finding it via the chassis parts page.  Can you please let me know the PN of the power supply?
Agent: Hi Chris Sure let me check for you
Customer: Thank you, Kyle!
Agent: PWS-504P-1R looks to be the power supply, not sure why they don't list it.  How many were you looking for? https://store.supermicro.com/500w-1u-pws-504p-1r.html It's currently out of stock, but I may be able to transfer 1 from our inventory, which could take 3-4 hours.  The newer version PWS-504P-1R2 can also be used, but you would need to replace both of the PWS-503P-1R since PWS-504P-1R2 is the newer version.  We have that one in stock https://store.supermicro.com/500w-1u-pws-504p-1r2.html
Customer: Perfect!  Thankyou for all the info!  I should be good to go with this info.  Thank you, Kyle!
Agent: Great and you're welcome!  So no need to transfer for now?
Customer: not as of now but thankyou!
Agent: Sounds good. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Chris Morales left the following comment: Great service! Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: HI Joseph
Customer: Need to check the status of an order placed on Satureday Order # 1000023442
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: Thank you Lol, I think you may be the one who responded to my email inquiry That was on a different question/inquiry
Agent: Oh yes. I am
Customer: 🙂
Agent: Please give us for a few more minutes while our web development team is checking on this issue.
Customer: No problem
Agent: Please bear with us for a few more minutes while we check for you. 
Customer: No problem....passing the time reading from another screen
Agent: I'm sorry. Can I email you back via joseph.freeze@charleswgreeninc.com? We will need to check internally for this issue and will take some hours.
Customer: ok, not a problem
Agent: I'm so sorry the this inconvenience. Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: no, just that for now....thanks
Agent: You're welcome. I will get back to you as soon as I can
Customer: ok. have a great day
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Thank you!
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Victor! 
Customer: I am looking to place an order, but I am getting this message in error.  Address is correct and has been verified. Invalid address
Agent: Can you please provide the address ?
Customer: 475 Portola Plaza, Knudsen Hall, Room 1-129
Los Angeles, CA US 90095
Agent: Is it shipping address or billing address?
Customer: Shipping
Agent: ok Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: Thank you
Agent: Google map has difficulty to find the exact address too
Customer: Interesting Maybe if you remove the Knudson Hall, 1-129
Agent: Will this address work for you ? 475 Portola Plaza, Room 1-129
Los Angeles, CA US 90095
Customer: Yes
Agent: One moment Do you happen to know the 9-digit zip code?
Customer: I don't
Agent: I see. Please give me a moment while I check for you.  We have whitelisted the address for you Please enter the address exactly like this : 475 Portola Plaza, Room 1-129
Los Angeles, CA US 90095-0001
Customer: Will do It went through Thank yo.
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: No, that's all.  Thank you very much for your assistance.
Agent:  You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hi Kyle, I was just in chat with Joe.
Agent: Hi Victor
Customer: There was an an issue with my shipping address.
Agent: Let me check on the previous chat
Customer: Now your system will not recognize my billing address.
Agent: Oh What is the address in question?
Customer: 475 Portola Plaza
Los Angeles, CA US 90095-0001 That is the billing address But it is coming back as invalid in your system.
Agent: Oh ok, its similar to the shipping one without the rooms
Customer: Yes
Agent: Let me whitelist for you Give me a few minutes
Customer: Thank you
Agent: Ok its been whitelisted, you may have to refresh your page 
Customer: It still saying address is invalid Okay, it went through
Agent: Let me double check again. You may have to log out and log back in. Hard refresh (ctrl + F5).  Oh Both addresses?
Customer: Yes, I was able to proceed. I had to re-input the zip code.
Agent: Ok great! Hopefully there isn't more issues Sorry about the address verification being unforgiving at times Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: No, thank you.  I just received the confirmation of the order.
Agent: You're welcome, I see the order as well! 
Customer: Appreciate it. Thank you, have a great day.
Agent: Np! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! Happy New Year
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Lea!
Customer: Hi Liz, is Jim available?
Agent: Yes, I can transfer the chat for Jim.
Customer: thanks! Liz transferred the chat to Jim
Agent: Hi Lea!
Customer: Hi Jim! Happy New Year!
Agent: Happy New Year to you as well 🙂  What can I do for you?
Customer: I have another RFQ, let's see if you can help me out
Agent: Sounds good, let's hope so
Customer: SSG-6049P-E1CR36H
Agent: Ahh darn. We only have the 45 or 60 bay versions available on our eStore. Either SSG-6049P-E1CR45H or SSG-6049P-E1CR60H.

Would your customer want either of these as alternatives instead?
Customer: It depends on the price give me both
Agent: Let me know what components you'll need and I can provide quotes for both. The 45 bay would be the cheaper option though
Customer: Can you sell it like that or he has to purchase CPU, SSD and memory?
Agent: Unforunately, your customer will need to purchase it as a complete system with CPU, memory, and drives. Barebones aren't sold on our eStore 😞 
Customer: where can I get just the barebone?
Agent: For just the barebones, you can try checking with our Sales team or our resellers:

Sales dept: Sales-USA@supermicro.com
Tel: +1-408-503-8000

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy
Customer: OK, let me ask him what he wants on that barebone and I will get back to you. Thanks!
Agent: Sounds good, Lea! Hope to hear back from you. Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: no thanks again!
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: likewise! Lea left the following comment: Excellent! Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Jason
Customer: Hi again...lol Do you have any information on the power draw of SSG-6049P-E1CR45H-PRE-CONFIG I am running out power at my data center.
Agent: Oh... that's unfortunately. Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: Thanks!
Agent: So the total power for the system is 664.6 W You can divide it by the total number of volts available from your electric outlet to calculate the amperage draw
Customer: Your the best
Agent: 😄 hope it will help Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: Nope. have a good day
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Thank you!
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? looking to buy 1 more of the 	Supermicro 80mm Hot-Swappable Middle Axial Fan (FAN-0104L4)
Agent: I can make an inventory transfer request for you and email you when it is in stock Is mgadbois2@gmail.com the best email to reach you /. ?
Customer: yes
Agent: Thanks! I will email you when it is ready Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: all set. thanks
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? 6
Agent: Hi Vida
Customer: https://store.supermicro.com/12tb-sas3-hdd-a12t-st12000nm002g.html
Agent: You can check for volume discount using this link: https://store.supermicro.com/quote#HDD-A12T-ST12000NM002G
Customer: i am looking for the item and its noted request for volume discount, but i was not sure what is considered volume? or how many
Agent: The agent in charge of that function will get back to you via email within 24 hours. For 6 pcs, you wouldn't get a discount unfortunately. Volume discount would depend on the product being purchased as it varies.
Customer: ok Thanks
Agent: you're welcome Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Nope
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: you as well Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Aaron
Customer: how long does it take for BMC order to go through? trying to set up my server and waiting on the order to process i can see i was billed isnt it just a key?
Agent: Your OOB license key will be available within an hours after purchase, normally. May I know your order number, please?
Customer:  order #1000023463
Agent: Your OOb key will be available around 2:51 pm since your order placed at 1:51 today Please contact us on Live Chat or    if you don't received it at that time.
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? looking for compatible memory for this MB M12SWA-TF
Agent: Hi Michael! What capacity/speed were you looking for?
Customer: DDR4 / 3200 . 64 GB
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  Here are the 2 64GB DIMMs that are validated for that board:

https://store.supermicro.com/64gb-ddr4-3200-mem-dr464l-sl01-er32.html

https://store.supermicro.com/64gb-ddr4-3200-mem-dr464l-cl02-er32-2447.html
Customer: do you also sell the motherboard mentioned above?
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry any motherboards on our eStore. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy 
Customer: ok. that's fine. thanks for the memories
Agent: No problem! Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: that's it!
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? hi kyle
Agent: Hi Aaron
Customer: i purchased an IPMI key for my new motherboard i am trying to activate it but it does not like the PDF am i doing it wrong?
Agent: What is your order#? Nvm, I found it For H12SSL-i?
Customer: 7000019004 yes
Agent: Ok let me check
Customer: when i navigate to license activation, it shows new private key select file am i supposed to upload the PDF?
Agent: https://store.supermicro.com/software/out-of-band-oob-key-activation-guide I assume you are following this X12 section
Customer: i did not get a text file only a pdf
Agent: Oh I see https://store.supermicro.com/pub/media/wysiwyg/productspecs/SFT-OOB-LIC/How-to-generate-OOB-keys.pdf Did you generate the key under your account? For X12, if successful, the Product Key would be ready to download under “Generate Key” The key file is the file you need to upload when activating
Customer: did i not need to purchase the OOB key?
Agent: You would need to purchase the OOB license to generate a OOB key 
Customer: so i generated the text file using my mac address node product key stats shows SFT-OOB-LIC now is that it?
Agent: Ok In the IPMI GUI?
Customer: 2021-06-02 17:46:13	Redfish	Hailey	192.168.1.59	Node product key SFT-OOB-LIC was activated successfully.	others yeah in the IPMI gui
Agent: yeah you should be good You needed to generate the key file from your eStore account and upload that in IPMI
Customer: how do i check if there is a firmware update
Agent: Anything in Firmware management?
Customer: would that go through the gui?
Agent: Wait, are you taking about the BIOS firmware or IPMI firmware?
Customer: both
Agent: The latest BIOS firmware would be version 2.3
Customer: i am 2.1
Agent: Oh ok. You should be able to update remotely now since you activated OOB 
Customer: do i need to download it from supermicro site or can i find new firmware via IPMI
Agent: Let me double check on finding firmware via IMPI Thanks for waiting. For the IPMI firmware itself, it's under the maintenance tab and firmware update For the BIOS, you will need to download the file from the product page https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/motherboard/H12SSL-i located in "Update your bios"
 Then in IPMI maintenance, it would be under the BIOS update and you would use the file you got from the motherboard bios page
Customer: ok i will grab them from the site thanks again for your help
Agent: You're welcome! If you have any troubles with it, let us know Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: nope should be good thanks again
Agent: Np! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Aaron Jackson left the following comment: great service Hello. How may I help you? We currently have "-156" of the "Supermicro 8-pin to Two 6+2 Pin 5cm Power GPU Cable (CBL-PWEX-1040) " in stock, but we may have enough inventory to complete your order. Please contact us via "email or live chat" need 70 of these cables but receiving that message when trying to put in m ycart
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  I can make an inventory transfer request and email you when the stock is ready Is jameson.p.williams@intel.com the best email to reach you ?
Customer: Yes that is correct
Agent: thanks! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: how long will the transfer take?
Agent: Within an hour 
Customer: Sounds good, thanks for the help Joe!
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? I would like to know the status of an order I placed yesterday. 1000023458
Agent: Hi Del Let me check for you Thanks for waiting. It looks like the order was not processed for some reason, I apologize about that. I will ask our internal team to process this order. 
Customer: I would like to receive this by tomorrow and can I please have tracking as soon as possible. thank you
Agent: Will do! I will get this pushed to be ship today for sure.  you're welcome Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: that will be all
Agent: Ok sounds good. Sorry for the inconvenience again. 

It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi John
Customer: I think we talked yesterday. Can you track my order for me please? 1000023458 - NEP/Bexel
Agent: Yes, we do. Please give me a moment while I check for you.  It looks like the order was not processed for some reason, I apologize about that. I will ask our internal team to process this order. Can I contact you back via email jdesilva@bexel.com?
Customer: Thats not good. anyway to expedite this? we are in a pinch.
Agent: I'm so sorry the this inconvenience. We will try our best to ship it out by today. I will check internally and email you back as soon as possible. is the jdesilva@bexel.com best email to reach you?
Customer: thanks. yes.
Agent: Thank you for confirming! Is there anything else I may help you with today?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email   
Customer: not today. I just really need this to ship today to arrive tomorrow
Agent: Yes, I will try our best to ship it out today. I'm sorry for this inconvenience.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: thanks
Agent: You're welcome. 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hi
Agent: Hi Liam!
Customer: Happy new year
Agent: Happy New Year to you as well!
Customer: we want to add rear flex bay for SSG-6028R-E1CR12H could you advise what parts we need to buy want too add two 2.5 inch hhd to the rear space
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: sure thanks
Agent: It looks like the drive kit MCP-220-82616-0N should have everything you need.
Customer: let me check
Agent: OK. Unfortunately, it's not sold on our eStore so you'll have to check with our resellers for availability:

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy
Customer: is MCP-220-00044-0N necessary to make it fixed?
Agent: I don't believe so. MCP-220-00044-0N is a standalone bracket, but you can double check with our technical support team just to be sure:

Tech Support: Support@Supermicro.com
Tel: +1-408-503-8000

Customer: sure, thanks a lot
Agent: No problem, Liam Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: that's all. have a nice day
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: bye Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Joseph
Customer: do you have any of the FAN-0104L4 in stock?
Agent: How many are you looking to purchase?
Customer: 3
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  Yes, we should have some left in stock. Let me see if we can update the inventory for you right now. If not, it will probably take an hour or two before you can add them to your cart.
Customer: ok thanks
Agent: No problem OK, the inventory should be updated. Please refresh your page and try adding it to your cart again
Customer: yep i see them thanks
Agent: No problem! Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: nope appreciate it
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Kyle! 
Customer: Hello I am trying to locate 3 x RC-22-01-001
Agent:  RC-22-01-001 is not a valid Supermicro part number unfortunately May I know what you are looking for ?
Customer: sorry about that we need 3 x Supermicro 1U Rail Kit (CSE-PT52L)
Agent: I see I can make an inventory transfer request for you and email you when they are ready
Customer: thank you
Agent: May I know if kandreoni@iomaxis.com is the best email to reach you ?
Customer: yes please
Agent: Thanks! I will email you then Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: that is all thank you! Hello. How may I help you? Hello, I just did the chat and learned there is only one of these items left Supermicro 1U Rail Kit (CSE-PT52L) are there other items comparable?
Agent: Hi Kyle, nice name I believe Joe was transferring more inventory for CSE-PT52L from your previous chat She will email you back once they are available *He 
Customer: Yes that is VERY helpful but I feel I should have asked if there is anything LIKE that or similar. does that make sense?
Agent: No there is no other compatible one for CSE-PT52L 
Customer: okay thank you
Agent: The other rail MCP-290-00056-0N can be used instead of the outer rail that comes with CSE-PT52L, but you will still need the inner rails from CSE-PT52L either way You're welcome Hopefully the inventory transfer will complete in a few hours and we can email you Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: thats all thank you
Agent: Np! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Aldo ! 
Customer: can you help me with this SuperServer 1029TP-DC0R
Agent: What do you need help with regarding 1029TP-DC0R ?
Customer: yes if you have this product
Agent: Are you looking to purchase 1029TP-DC0R?
Customer: yes
Agent: I see
Customer: here is my email
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry 1029TP-DC0R on our eStore. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Shane!  We do accept tax-exempt, but it would be applied after the purchase not during the time of purchase.

In order to apply for tax exemption, you would need to provide valid certificate, which you can send to eStore-support@supermicro.com along with your order number.

Your tax-exempt request will be processed after we have verified that the certificate is valid. 
It usually takes up to 10 business days for the tax amount to return back to your original form of payment.
  Before submitting a request, please review the tax exempt guide carefully.  Incomplete or incorrect submissions will be rejected.
https://store.supermicro.com/tax-exemption-guide
  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: got it. thanks
Agent: You're welcome. 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Jeff
Customer: Hi - I need six of the Supermicro 2U-3U Rail Kit (MCP-290-00053-0N), but it says only one is available.  Do you have six in stock?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  It looks like we have some left in stock. I can try to make the inventory transfer for 6pcs of MCP-290-00053-0N. Can I email you back via jkehe@quickpacket.com when the process is done? It would take some hours to complete.
Customer: I need them to ship out today by overnight shipping.  Will that be possible?
Agent: I couldn't guarantee for sure. It will depend the process. If you can place the other before 3:30pm PST. the order can be shipped out by the end of the day and shipping overnight for you
Customer: ok.  please try to get the inventory moved over ASAP so I can place the order. thank you for your help
Agent: Yes, I'll try my best. You're welcome. Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: that's all, I'll be watching for your email.  thanks again
Agent: no problem. I will email you as soon as the process complete.
 It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Jennifer!
Customer: I need to see if you have 40 of SNK-P0078AP4 in the warehouse that you can move over for purchase.
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: Can you please check for me. Thanks
Agent: It looks like we do. Let me go ahead and initiate the transfer request and follow up with you when it's approved and completed. Is purchasing@ipconfigure.com a good email to reach you at, Jennifer?
Customer: that is correct. Thanks you so much.
Agent: No problem! The transfer should take several hours so I'll reach out when it's done. Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: That is all thank you
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Chris
Customer: Hello, I'd like a quote on this memory DIMM. I just started and RMA for one, but I'd like another as a shelf spare. If I can get them in the same package that would save shipping and help out a lot.
Agent: Can you please fill the Request for Quote form here? https://store.supermicro.com/quote#MEM-DR432L-SL03-ER26 We will email you shortly for the quote. Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: Submitting the form now. Thanks. Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Dustin ! 
Customer: I need one bag of screws - it say your out of stock but to check with you - https://store.supermicro.com/screws-2-5-labels-mcp-410-00006-0n.html
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  How many do you need ? Just 1 ? MCP-410-00006-0N https://store.supermicro.com/screws-2-5-labels-mcp-410-00006-0n.html It is ready for you to purchase
Customer: great thanks
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: nope thats it
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: you too Hello. How may I help you? I asked for 40 of SNK-P0078AP4 to be moved to active inventory so I can purchase them but I haven't received the email yet to let me know this has been done and I  just wanted to check on it.
Agent: I see Please give me a moment while I check for you.  I see the record that Jim started the inventory transfer for you and the transfer has not been completed yet Can he email you when the stock is ready for you ?
Customer: Yes, that would be great. Thanks
Agent: You're welcome. 
Customer: Do you know how much longer that will take?
Agent: Hopefully in 4-5 hours 
Customer: Thank you
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Dustin! 
Customer: It will not accept my address.  I can use the default shipping address but it is wrong. I have tried changing the defualt shipping address but it then changed the default Billing address as well. also It says $10.46 for shipping.  I don;t think this is reasonable for a $7 bag of screws that could be sent in an envelope.  Can you adjust shipping charges?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  What browser do you use please ? Can you do a hard refresh first ? Ctrl +F5?
Customer: firefox on mac refresh doesnt help
Agent: Can you please enter the address by clicking " + New Address " ?
Customer: tried it does not work
Agent: One moment
Customer: I will try different browser.  can you adjsy shipping?
Agent: We have Free Shipping to the Continental US Over $200 (Excluding rail kits and systems) Sorry I won't be able to adjust shipping
Customer: it seems to be working in sfari
Agent: Sounds good It works on my end as well If you are looking for using a different address as billing, please remember to unclick " My billing and shipping address are the same " Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: i just was able to place order.  thank you that is all
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Is p/n MCP-250-00018-0N a good p/n?  Suppose to be a Blank Panel.  Is it available to purchase?
Agent: Hi Laurie Let me check for you It is a valid part#, its a power supply blank cover. However, we do not carry it on the eStore so you'll have to check with our distributors: https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Rigel!
Customer: Hi! I can't checkout
Agent: May I know where are you located please?
Customer: The Place Order seems to be disabled https://store.supermicro.com/checkout/#payment *Place Order button
Agent: May I know where you plan to ship this order to?
Customer: Westford, MA
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: Thanks
Agent: Can you please try hard refresh (Ctrl+ F5) or on other browsers?
Customer: It still doesn't woirk
Agent: Does your billing address is also US-based credit card?
Customer: No. It's issued by Bank of Ireland in the Republic of Ireland
Agent: I see. Unfortunately, our eStore only accepts US-based credit card at this moment. Do you happened to have a US- based credit card?
Customer: No, I don't. Can I purchase licenses on an EU store?
Agent: Yes, you can purchase the licenses from our resellers at https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy I'm sorry for the inconvenience.
Customer: OK. Thanks. No problem. Hello. How may I help you? Hi Jim
Agent: Hi Jason!
Customer: My order number is Order # 1000023313 Does is come with rack mounting hardware?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: NP
Agent: Yes, it does come with rack mounting hardware
Customer: Do you know what type...rails or shelf or just screws
Agent: Looks like a rail set. P/N is MCP-290-00150-0N	

Rail set, Auto-latch, quick/quick, default 4U 17.2
Customer: Thats great, thanks!
Agent: No problem! Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Cara How can I help you today? We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email    It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Lisbeth!
Customer: i need to get my account set up for tax exempt status.
Agent: We do accept tax-exempt, but it would be applied after the purchase not during the time of purchase.

In order to apply for tax exemption, you would need to provide valid certificate, which you can send to eStore-support@supermicro.com along with your order number.

Your tax-exempt request will be processed after we have verified that the certificate is valid. 
It usually takes up to 10 business days for the tax amount to return back to your original form of payment.
  Before submitting a request, please review the tax exempt guide carefully.  Incomplete or incorrect submissions will be rejected.
https://store.supermicro.com/tax-exemption-guide
 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? I am unable to place my order.  My billing zip code is not being accepted.
Agent: Hi M Mattson I'm sorry to hear, but I can help you with that What's the address in question?
Customer: (I think that's the reason.)
150 Clay Street, 2nd Floor
West Virginia University
Morgantown, WV 26501-6024
Agent: Thanks, let me see if I can whitelist this address for you. Please give me a moment. Is the West Virginia University part of it so when you enter the address it's 150 Clay Street, 2nd Floor West Virginia University? or is it company
Customer: I put West Virginia University in the Company box.  Sorry.
Agent: ok thanks just making sure
Customer: 150 Clay Street, 2nd floor Morgantown WV 26501-6024
Agent: Ok got it Can you refresh your browser and try again? If it doesn't work, you may have to log out/log back in
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi David!
Customer: I cannot select any country other than USA. But, I am from Germany.
Agent: I’m sorry, but our OOB license is only available for US-based customers (US billing address) to purchase. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy  I apologize for the inconvenience.
Customer: I see. Have a nice day. Bye
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Xuan
Customer:  Supermicro 多设备键盘和鼠标组合 (KYB-MUS-196CB)
Supermicro 多设备键盘和鼠标组合 (KYB-MUS-196CB)

$12.90 How to buy
Agent: May I know where are you located?
Customer: Shenzhen, China
Agent: I see. I'm sorry, but unfortunately, our Supermicro eStore currently only ships within the United States. You can check with our resellers and distributors for availability.
https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: period!thanks
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Byron! 
Customer: 'just vaguely curious for your server's.. they don't ship with OS I see.   do you test them before they ship out with something?
Agent: Yes, we do install OS and test before shipping 
Customer: ok.   but i'm responsible for doing a full OS install when I get it?
Agent: Correct
Customer: thats all.   thanks for your help!
Agent: You're welcome.  Do you need server access?
Customer: no I already have server access.    was looking at threadripper pro  stuff
Agent: I see. If you need any help with any parts you want and not showing on the configurator, please don't hesitate to come to our chat 
Customer: will do.. thanks again and have a great day. Hello. How may I help you? Hello, this is Mischa Baars from the Netherlands. I have a few questions about a couple of your boards. These came out of a selection: Supermicro H12SSL-NT/CT, Asrock Rack TRX40D8-2N2T, Supermicro H12SSL-NT/CT, Asrock Rack ROMED6U-2L2T, Supermicro H12SSL-NT, Supermicro H12SSL-CT. To build a computer with 16, 24, 32, 48 or 64 cores. Now, I'm also working on a new computer chip. And I found this yesterday. https://numato.com/product/aller-artix-7-fpga-board-with-m-2-interface/ Do you think your boards will work with this FPGA development board? It's actually designed for use in a laptop.
Agent: I see We actually don't know if it will work since it is not tested and validated by our lab You will need to use it at your own risk
Customer: Ah, yes. I understand. Maybe an educated guess? Yes or no? Or it should ... I've never used M.2 before and I don't see it as such on the boards either :)
Agent: Let me see what I can find. Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: No problem :)
Agent: I don't think it will work but you can check with support@supermicro.com again for the advice. 
Customer: Why do you think it won't work?
Agent: Our 11 the gen motherboards don't support FPGA
Customer: Ok, so support should be built-in?
Agent: I am not sure what you are asking ?
Customer: Well, you're saying FPGAs are not supported, so I was thinking about low-level code in the BIOS or something.
Agent: Not sure if that's the case since we don't have information regarding  supporting FPGA
Customer: I can ofcourse also ask the people of Numato. Perhaps they have more experience with the different mother boads? boards So it's more or less undocumented, but not unsupported?
Agent: It will be good to check with them
Customer: I will.
Agent: Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Eh, no... I suppose that was it then :) Thank you for your help.
Agent: You're welcome. Sorry can't be anymore help than that.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Same to you! Hello. How may I help you? Hello. How may I help you? I'm looking for 3 of these, says in stock but only 1. Is that correct?
Agent: Hi Jack Yeah, we only have 1 available currently. I can make a request for 2 more pcs to be transferred in stock for availability. This may take several hours to complete and I can email you once they are available 
Customer: That would be great, please do. Once I get he email I will order the all
Agent: Sounds good!  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: No, I'm good
Agent: It was nice talking to you. I'll be in touch soon. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Clarice!
Customer: Hi, I would like to order 50 GPU cables  - this isn't super urgent so you could ship whatever you have now and the balance later. I had an urgent need for 2 that I already placed and thinking to get another 50 to have on hand
Agent: We have CBL-PWEX-1016-3 in stock right now. 
https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-20cm-8-pin-to-8-pin-power-cable-cbl-pwex-1016-3.html?queryID=c3252a1822ac297e5d625660e40742bb&objectID=1242&indexName=supermicro_default_products
Customer: do you have 50?
Agent: We have 13pcs in stock. Do you want me to transfer 37pcs more for this?
Customer: Yes and I want to place an order I have one order already placed for 2 units to ship directly to my customer and I want to order another 50 to keep on hand. It won't let me place an order because it says there is not enough in stock
Agent: I see. I can request inventory for more and email you back when 50pcs of CBL-PWEX-1016-3 are ready in stock.
Customer: sounds good
Agent: Can I email you back via clarice.simmons@amd.com?
Customer: Yup thanks!
Agent: You're welcome. Is there anything else I may help you with today?  Hi Clarice, are you still there?
Customer: Nope, thanks so much! Bye bye Hello. How may I help you? Price quote and availability of  for 1,155 pcs of MPN: SNK-P0048PS
Agent: Hi Tony Please use the following link: https://store.supermicro.com/quote#SNK-P0058PSU
Customer: Hi Kyle
Agent: The person in charge of quotes/pricing will email you back within 24 hours typically in a few hours I'd say
Customer: thank you. I submitted the RFQ
Agent: Sounds good and you're welcome! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: not at the moment. thank you
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Bruce!
Customer: STATUS ON ORDER #1000023475
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: TRACKING INFO SENT ON 1/11 SAYS IT HAS SHIPPED BUT FEDEX SHOWS PENDING
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  Can I email you back via email BWELCH@STELLARENGINEERING.COM? I will need to check internally for this issue. I'm so sorry for this inconvenience
Customer: YES, PLEASE EMAIL ASAP
Agent: I will reach you as soon as I can  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: NOT AT THIS TIME
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? We're looking for a rack mount server with 32 cores, 512GB of RAM, and 2TB of hard drive space. Can you assist with a quote? 1U or 2U
Agent: Hi Kham Sure, please give me a moment. Do you have an eStore account with us already?
Customer: I do not, new custoer customer
Agent: ok https://store.supermicro.com/customer/account/create/ Please create an account and verify and I can provide you access to our Servers 
Customer: Got it Account is created
Agent: Thank you Ok you should have access now, please log into your account 
Customer: ok I'm logged in, where do I go?
Agent: You should be able to view the servers section now Servers tab
Customer: Is there a spot where I can just put in the specs I need and it pulls the results?
Agent: Unfortunately, we do not have that feature or capability yet. Let me check based on your specs what would work
Customer: Thank you!
Agent: For the storage, 2.5" or 3.5" drives?
Customer: 2.5 Or SSD if possible NMVe
Agent: Ok thanks, let me check 1 processor or 2
Customer: 2 please
Agent: Ok thanks how many drive slots? 4 or 8+?
Customer: 8+ please
Agent: https://store.supermicro.com/sys-120c-tn10r.html up to 10 NVMe 
Customer: This is perfect! Thank you!!!
Agent: You're welcome Configuration 1 is 8 NVMe but you can stick with just SATA/SAS  regular HDDs and SSDs but yeah all the options are there for you to choose
Customer: Ah ok Thanks again, have a great weekend!
Agent: You're welcome! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day and weekend, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hi Kyle
Agent: Hi Domenic
Customer: I have two past orders. These are the order numbers:
 Order # 1000022926 
 Order # 1000022966 I was wondering if you would be able to retrieve the serial numbers of these servers that we purchased?
Agent: Sure, let me check on those with Benjamin?
Customer: Correct
Agent: Ok got it For SYS-5019C-M, the SN is S326082X0A00097 For SYS-5019P-WT:

S263769X9801204 
S263769X9801208 those 3 servers were for 1000022926 Checking on 1000022966
Customer: Great thank you!
Agent: For 1000022966, SYS-5019P-WT: S263769X0A04505

Customer: Perfect, thanks so much for your help, much appreciated
Agent: Also, you can register these systems on our eStore for warranty/parts info You're welcome
Customer: Ah I see My Registered Systems now
Agent: yeah
Customer: Okay I'll take a look there
Agent: Sure sounds good.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Nope that's all. Have a great weekend :)
Agent: Thank you! Have a great weekend! Goodbye
Customer: Bye! Domenic Recchia left the following comment: Very helpful and very fast response time Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Laurie
Customer: Hi do you have two of the product (PWS-504P-1R2)
$202.10
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: Sorry I meant this one Supermicro 800W/860W 1U Redundant Power Supply (PWS-860P-1R2)
Agent: I see. Please give me a moment while I check for you.  We currently have 1 in stock for the PWS-860P-1R2 
https://store.supermicro.com/800w-1u-pws-860p-1r2.html?queryID=cf114bb974632ebfee9416c8db286f18&objectID=2641&indexName=supermicro_default_products I can request 1 more for you but it will take some hours to complete. Can I email you back via supplychain@mbx.com when 2pcs of PWS-860P-1R2 are available? We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email   
Customer: Yes please email when you may have it
Agent: Thank you for confirming. I will email you back as soon as they are ready. Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: No that is it! Thank you
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hi Kyle, I need to buy 5 pcs of a MB X12STH-LN4F
Agent: Hi Lea I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry any motherboards on our eStore. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: No thanks
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Kyle How may I help you? 
Customer: Hello Liz, I have a question about a motherboard and cable compatibility.  I have an H12DSi-NT6 motherboard, and I was about to order the slimline SAS x8 cable for my hard drive cages (CBL-SAST-0826). Do you know if those will work together?  The two slimline ports are located right beside eachother, it doesn't look like there's a lot of room
Agent: May I know what is the other side of the cable connect to such as which backplane?  I would need to know the 2 sides of connector header to see if the cable works for you
Customer: it is a chenbro had disk cage, it is miniSAS i had to run check, sorry
Agent: I see. It will use for HDD/ SSD correct?
Customer: Yes, that is correct.  plain old 3.5" spinning disks. inside a hot swap cage
Agent: The motherboard has the SATA connector header. The cable CBL-SAST-0826 is slimline SAS x8 to miniSAS HD which will not work for you Is this hard disk cage you have? https://www.ebay.com/itm/175141461582?chn=ps&_trkparms=ispr%3D1&amdata=enc%3A1qpf95nayTjmrav0kw8ma4A31&norover=1&mkevt=1&mkrid=711-117182-37290-0&mkcid=2&itemid=175141461582&targetid=1599090336857&device=c&mktype=&googleloc=9032185&poi=&campaignid=15275224983&mkgroupid=131097072938&rlsatarget=pla-1599090336857&abcId=9300697&merchantid=134774971&gclid=CjwKCAjw9LSSBhBsEiwAKtf0n7PaP78dd-HOu4OhyfyjG-F5-BgFPMVYE8btpGmRPw3I9gNEn2quJBoC5VYQAvD_BwE Or it would be the best if you can provide me the link or picture of your hard disk cage
Customer: Sure, just one sec
Agent: No worries. Take your time
Customer: https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=web&cd=&ved=2ahUKEwirhreTpYD3AhXQmeAKHZnkDHoQFnoECAMQAQ&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chenbro.com%2Fzh-TW%2FDownloadFile%2Fdownload%2F518&usg=AOvVaw1y3-jpU_5m188XSPTiVmJx That is the pdf manual to the cage
Agent: I'm sorry the link is not work for me 😞

Customer: Ok, let me send the connector spec
Agent: Thank you so much. This cage has the MiniSAS HD not MiniSAS
Customer: Ah, you're right.  Is there a cable that will work?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: No rush, thank you for catching my error
Agent: Please bear with me for a few more minutes while I check for you.  I want to make sure I gave you the correct cable Ok. You will need the cross over mini SAS HD to 4 SATA cable. 1 cable for 4 drives. You can check for these cable 
- CBL-SAST-0591: https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-internal-reverse-breakout-cross-over-minisas-hd-to-4-sata-with-sideband-75-75-75-75-75cm-cable-cbl-sast-0591.html
- CBL-SAST-0631: https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-internal-reverse-breakout-cross-over-minisas-hd-to-4-sata-with-sideband-55-55-55-55-55cm-cable-cbl-sast-0631.html CBL-SAST-0591 - https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-internal-reverse-breakout-cross-over-minisas-hd-to-4-sata-with-sideband-75-75-75-75-75cm-cable-cbl-sast-0591.html Oh sorry, same one with the above CBL-SAST-0823: https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-reverse-breakout-cross-over-minisas-hd-to-4-sata-75-75-75-75cm-with-sideband-75cm-cable-cbl-sast-0823.html They are different in length
Customer: I see. What exactly is that side band cable?
Agent: It is optional for you to indicate the drives LED on your backplane You can ignore it if you want It's signal indicator 
Customer: I see.  Thank you for your help!
Agent: You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: No thanks, have a good day.
Agent: Thank you! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Kyle. How can i help you today? 
Customer: Hi Mark, I have a H12DSi-NT6 motherboard, and it has two x8 slimline SAS connectors.  They seem to be undocumented in the manual.  Do you know if they're active on this motherboard, and if so, are they both active with one CPU installed, or are two required?
Agent: Please give me a moment to check. 
Customer: Sure thing, no rush.
Agent: are these the two connectors your are speaking of?
Customer: Yes, those are the ports.
Agent: I am going to have to check internally for this. Is it okay if i can email you back at kyle.bentley@torchtechnologies.com once i get an update?
Customer: Yes, that is fine.
Agent: Okay thank you! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: I did have one other question.  It's not really related, but kind of is.  The manual lists 3x mini-SAS hd ports in the manual on page 13.  Is that a typo of some kind?
Agent: Give me second to check.  is this on page 13 "Eight SATA3 ports (3x Mini-SAS HD) "
Customer: Yes, that's correct.
Agent: I am going have to check for that as well.  I'll get back to you as soon i get an update for these questions. 
Customer: That sounds great.  Thanks for checking into it.
Agent: You're welcome! It was nice talking to you. I'll in touch with you soon, goodbye!  Hi Jeff
Customer: is this cable x8 8654 to 2x4 8654, 9402
Agent: Let me check as we don't carry this on the eStore so the information isn't readily available. Please give me a moment
Customer: if not, another cable with x8 8654 to 2  x4 8654 would be fine
Agent: ok let me check so just slimline sas to slimline sas basically? for that original cable, all I see is Slimline x8 (LE) to 2x Slimline x4 (STR)
Customer: from controller slimSAS to break out to 2 x4 slimSAS cable
Agent: Understood
Customer: sot that would work?
Agent: that would work then, that original cable
Customer: thx
Agent: its basically Slimline x8 (LE) to 2x Slimline x4 2  connectors of slimline x4
Customer: thx
Agent: you're welcome Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: have a great day
Agent: Thank you! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi George
Customer: Hello
Agent: How can I help you today? 
Customer: I need an OOB for an M12SWA-TF mobo. Can’t seem to find that in the list.
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: Sure thing.
Agent: Please bear with me for a few more minutes while I check for you. 
Customer: Alright. Thank you.
Agent: Did you purchase this motherboard with the system or motherboard only?
Customer: Mobo only.
Agent: Thank you. Can I email you back via georger@wolfram.com? I will need to double check on my end for the compatible OOB for this motherboard.
Customer: Sure, thatll work I suppose. The board is asking for a license. There are features that are listed as usable with that board that require the license. It would be pretty frustrating to have purchased a board that requires an OOB that can’t have an OOB.
Agent: This motherboard is support the OOB, but I would need to double check internally to see which option is compatible for your board I will email you back as soon as I have the answer. Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: Ah I understand now. That’s all the questions I have. Thank you for your time.
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Juan How can I help you today? 
Customer: Can't complete new customer application. I'm ready to place an order
Agent: You aren't receiving the confirmation email correct?
Customer: No. There is an error message to contact "store owner"...
Agent: I see, Please give me second.  Is the email you are using jjimenez@itservicespr.net?
Customer: Correct
Agent: can you send me screen shot of the error you are getting?
Customer: One second, I will try againg..
Agent: Okay Thank you Thank you. Please bear with me for a few more minutes while look into this. 
Customer: The captcha is good also...
Agent: I see, can you try a different internet browser?
Customer: OK, i will try with Chrome... OK, now I saw what went wrong...
Agent: Is it working now?
Customer: Yes, can you confirm availability of an item?
Agent: yes i can, what item would this be?
Customer: FAN-0038L4
Agent: How many are you interest in buying?
Customer: 2 units
Agent: Yes we have enough for two,FAN-0038L4 https://store.supermicro.com/97mm-fan-0038l4.html Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Not for now, Thanks! I will place the order now..
Agent: Awesome! You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Juan, how can I help you?
Customer: Can you confirm you can ship to San Juan PR, 00907? I get this message; "This shipping method is currently unavailable. "
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, our Supermicro eStore currently only ships within the United States. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy  The 50 major states You won't be able to ship within the US by any chance?
Customer: No. Why? We get USPS, FedEx, UPS, DHL, etc...
Agent: Ah ok, yeah unfortunately we can't ship to PR in this case. 
Customer: Too bad... Thanks anyway...
Agent: Yeah sorry about that Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: No. Thanks,
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Joseph How can I help you today? 
Customer: Hello, just trying to determine the dimms of your 2.5 inch drive tray? I need the length, height and width if possible and I dont see it on the site.
Agent: Which drive tray in the question please?
Customer: the NVMe in chassis SYS-2029U-TN24R4T
Agent: Is that the MCP-220-00121-0B?
Customer: yes
Agent: Thank you! Please give me a moment while I check for you.  Unfortunately, I couldn't find the dimension of this drive tray on my end. I would recommend you contact our sales team for this information.
Sales-USA@supermicro.com    May I know why you would like to know the dimension of this drive tray? I can help you to find the compatible drive tray with your Supermicro server/chassis if you provide the full part number
Customer: We have a customer who I guess is building a special shipping case for one of these NVMe servers for a concert tour. We got the DIMMs of the chassis but they want the drive tray also
Agent: oh I see. In this case, our Sale can help you for the dimension of this drive tray  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: nope, thank you for pointing me in the right direction
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Joseph left the following comment: Couldnt answer my question but pointed me in the right direction, much apperciated.
Agent: Hi Ken How can I help you today? 
Customer: Hello im looking for a rackmount server for my company
Agent: Do you have any spec/ SKUs in mind? We have Mainstream, WIO, Ultra and Superstorage type
Customer: First I was inquiring if you any AMD solutions I guess mainstream for small buisness im planning on running a virtual machine for a domain controller
Agent: I see. Unfortunately, our eStore doesn't carry any AMD rack mount server at the moment. For the highest performance, Ultra will be the selection Are you only interested in the AMD rack mount server?
Customer: No just wondering xeon is fine
Agent: Sound good! Do you have any spec in mind such as how many drives, DIMMs? https://store.supermicro.com/systems/ultra-servers.html You can check all Ultra server, our eStore currently carries from the link above
Customer: Okay i will browse your selections thanks
Agent: You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: No thanks for you time
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Please feel free to contact us if you have any question. Hi Sergio!
Customer: Hi Will you ship to the UK ?
Agent: Unfortunately, we only ship within the US at this time.  We recommend checking our resellers and distributors in UK https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy/
Customer: they do not have this in stock and it would come from you anyway
Agent: I would recommend checking with other resellers in your area
Customer: okay np thanks anyway
Agent: is there anything else I can help you with today? 
Customer: nope that is it thanks
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: bye
Agent: Hi Simon
Customer: Hi Mark, when can I get spares for the UK? where*
Agent: For Non-US customers, Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.
https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy

Customer: OK I only need an IO shield for a motherboard I can't find this on their website.
Agent: What motherboard is this?
Customer: just a sec X11SAE-F
Agent: Please give me a second. 
Customer: https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/motherboard/x11sae-f thank you!
Agent: You have been looking for MCP-260-00063-1N?
Customer: that's it yeah.
Agent: Please give me second. 
Customer: 👍
Agent: You can also try looking for MCP-260-00063-0N.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: thank will try
Agent: Hi Theodoros How can I help you today? 
Customer: Hello Liz. May i ask you why are you open only for US ? I am living in Greece and i have not the option to buy directly from you
Agent: I'm sorry, we currently only can ship within the US and accept the US credit cards. You check with our resellers and distributors for availability.
https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy 
Or contact with our Sale teams at Sales-USA@supermicro.com  for direct purchasing
Customer: I hope this will change in the future. Anyway, thank you for your accurate and prompt  response
Agent: Yes, we probably will open outside the U.S in the future.  You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: For the time being no Have a nice day
Agent: Thank you! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Valentin
Customer: hi Tim one short question i’m from romania can i order things from you and have them shipped to me in romania?
Agent: Unfortunately, our Supermicro eStore only ships within the US. 
Customer: damn
Agent: I apologize for any inconvenience 
Customer: no problem
Agent: hopefully we'll expand soon n
Customer: i hope so too
Agent: I'll be sure to let my managers know about this
Customer: i’ll stick with the eu suppliers
Agent: sounds good
Customer: but they are quite weird
Agent: https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy/
Customer: i know but they are singing the old song supply chain problems
Agent: yeah 
Customer: and it does on and on
Agent: we're dealing with a lot of supply chain issue  ourselves
Customer: agree
Agent: so i'd imagine our resellers/distributors are going through the same if not worse
Customer: but when i check your store and see the parts available and they charge me and then i get the parts with almost 2 months of delay
Agent: yeah shortages is impacting everyone  i apologize for the inconvenience  
Customer: i start to check other ways to get the parts which i need
Agent: What is the part you are looking for?
Customer: no, Tim, you don’t need to apologise i was looking after some ram upgrades for one of my 510P-WTR servers
Agent: do you have the part number? 
Customer: let me open a new tab
Agent: maybe i can help you alternatively by providing you with the manufacturer part number 
Customer: is the 64gb rdimm running at 3200mhz i need 8 pieces i have 8 x32gb atm
Agent: do you have the Supermicro part number by any chance?
Customer: but i need more ram
Agent: it's important that you use the same identical memory
Customer: i’m replacing the entire ram
Agent: oh ok  Understood let me look this up for you
Customer: since the board has only 8 ram dimm sockets sorry for my english if it sounds a little bit rusty
Agent: it actually doesn't look like there are any 64GB validated with this system  so you'll have to stick with 32GB until we validate the 64GB
Customer: for the 510P-WTR?
Agent: yes that's correct 
Customer: damn i saw some modules in the store and i typed in the server part number
Agent: wait sorry
Customer: i’m sunning now some samsung modules with a xeon gold 6348
Agent: i think i'm looking up the wrong SKU
Customer: without any issues
Agent: My apologies  i was looking up 510T-WTR for some reason
Customer: SYS-510P-WTE WTR
Agent: ok i see it now
Customer: x13 x12 3rd gen xeon
Agent: Any brand preference between Samsung, Micron, or Hynix?
Customer: hmmm i would prefer micron or hynix
Agent: MTA36ASF8G72PZ-3G2F1
Customer: as i understood hynix took over the enterprise ssd’s from intel
Agent: here's the part number to a memory that is validated with your system perhaps you can search by this part number to see if you're able to buy elsewhere
Customer: i’ll do that thank you Tim
Agent: is there anything else I can help you with?
Customer: no really appreciate you t
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: your help
Agent: 🙂 
Customer: bye
Agent: bye Hi Donna How can I help you today? 
Customer: I'm trying to place an order online for quantity 4 of the above SKU, however, it says only 1 is available and to contact SuperMicro:  "We currently have "1" of the "Supermicro (Seagate) 14TB 3.5" 7200RPM SAS3 12Gb/s 256M Internal Hard Drive (HDD-3A14T-1FECR)" in stock, but we may have enough inventory to complete your order. Please contact us via "email or live chat"
Agent: You want 4 of HDD-3A14T-1FECR https://store.supermicro.com/hdd-a14t-st14000nm002g.html?
Customer: Yes
Agent: We currently only have one in stock on our eStore.  But i can request inventory transfer. This can take a while. Can i email you at dconran@toyon.com once i get an update there is enough in stock?
Customer: Yes.  If you are able to transfer inventory, then do I just place the order online as I was going to do, or is there a "special" way to then order.  Also, please be aware that this is tax exempt and you have our CA Resale Certification on file.
Agent: Please give me a moment I just submitted the inventory transfer ill email you once i get an update.  We do accept tax-exempt, but it would be applied after the purchase not during the time of purchase.

In order to apply for tax exemption, you would need to provide valid certificate, which you can send to eStore-support@supermicro.com along with your order number.

Your tax-exempt request will be processed after we have verified that the certificate is valid. 
It usually takes up to 10 business days for the tax amount to return back to your original form of payment.
  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Chat is idle due to 10 minutes of inactivity
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi David How can I help you today? 
Customer: Trying to determine what the -48VDC fuse size needs to be for the PWS-1K11P-1R.
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  Please bear with me for a few more minutes while I check for you. 
Customer: That' fine.
Agent: Can I email you back via davidgarland@panoratelco.com? I will need to double check internally for this information
Customer: That would be great. I'm just not understanding whats on the label for the product and can't find anything definite. I appreciate the research.
Agent: May I know which part is not clear for you?
Customer: 30-25A or 30-17A
Agent: I see. I will double check for this part and get back to you via email.
Customer: Thank you
Agent: You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: nope. thank you.
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: i need a price quote
Agent: Hi scotty How can I help you today? 
Customer: looking for a quote for purchasing a server to give to our finance officer to purchase
Agent: is this for sys-5019D-fn8tp?
Customer: yes along with ram and a few HDD to complete it
Agent: Unfortunately we don't carry this system on our es our eStore*
Customer: where could i purchase it
Agent: I can find you something similar, if that is something you are interested in.  But if you would like sys-5019D-fn8tp. You can contact our Sale team at Sales-USA@supermicro.com 
Tel: +1 408-503-8000
 
Customer: its for an army purchase so yes i will email them on it
Agent: Of course, they'll be able to help you with this particular system.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: nope that will do it thank you
Agent: you're welcome! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Eric How may I help you? 
Customer: Hello - I just got 10 MCP-220-00043-0N - 3 screws and a tab ?? Where can I get paperwork on it ?
Agent: I'm sorry, which paperwork do you ask for please? Do you mean installation guide?
Customer: am i suppost to cut tye tab - yes paper work [
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: k
Agent: This is what I can find for the MCP-220-00043-0N installation
Customer: the tray has a tab on the side - too long for the slot
Agent: hmm, may I know your chassis part number/serial number please? I would need to check if the MCP-220-00043-0N is compatible
Customer: the tab fits in one side of the tray - but then it will be upside down - let me get another tray
Agent: Ok
Customer: something is wrong ???
Agent: May I have your chassis part number please?
Customer: y cse-745
Agent: Can have the full part number please? We have a lot CSE-745 chassis type
Customer: c74500a4800452 C74500A48M00452
Agent: Thank you! Please give me a moment while I check for you.  Your chassis part number is CSE-745TQ-R800B.  Let me check for the converter tray for your chassis So you should use the MCP-220-00080-0 Bhttps://store.supermicro.com/mcp-220-00080-0b.html?queryID=0617494b58fa994c13f69416ea29f430&objectID=938&indexName=supermicro_default_products https://store.supermicro.com/mcp-220-00080-0b.html?queryID=0617494b58fa994c13f69416ea29f430&objectID=938&indexName=supermicro_default_products The MCP-220-00080-0B will fit to your chassis instead of  MCP-220-00043-0N
Customer: HOLD ON
Agent: yes
Customer: i am trying to see differnce - give me a sec
Agent: You also can check the tray converter information from the chassis page here https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/chassis/4U/745/SC745TQ-R800B
it is in the optional parts list The MCP-220-00080-0B is tested and validated from our lab with the CSE-745TQ-R800B I checked the serial number you provided me above (C74500A48M00452) and it shows on my end your chassis part number CSE-745TQ-R800B We do not recommend the part which hasn't been tested/ validated 
Customer: Ok - let me work on this - i have the trays now. Looks like just the tab on the side is too long. Can anyone confirm this
Agent: Do you mean confirm the MCP-220-00080-0B  works for you chassis?
Customer: I have a bunch of the - MCP-220-00043-0N
Agent: I see. You can try to do it, but we cannot guarantee or confirm anything since the MCP-220-00043-0N is not validated with the CSE-745TQ-R800B chassis. If you can return the MCP-220-00043-0N, I would recommend you use the MCP-220-00080-0B instead
Customer: I will look into this - Thank You - Buy
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Michael How may I help you? 
Customer: I want to get a quote, how do I do that?
Agent: You can use this link for request a quote: https://store.supermicro.com/quote# May I know which product are you looking for quote?
Customer: I'm looking to order four 8xA100 servers budget is 500k I can send the specs
Agent: Yes, which server skus are you looking for?
Customer: I have the specs, no idea if you can build it, that's why I'm asking
Agent: Sure, You can send the spec of the server to eStore-support@supermicro.com email
Customer: ok
Agent: Is there anything else I may help you with today?  Hi Steve!
Customer: hi tim
Agent: How many are you  looking to purchase?
Customer: 4
Agent: and  for which  product?
Customer: Supermicro 2U-3U Rail Kit (MCP-290-00053-0N)
Agent: Please wait while i look this  up
Customer: ok
Agent: The reason why you're getting the error is because we only have  2 in stock.  i'm  currently updating our inventory  i've just updated the inventory now can you please refresh the product page  and add 4 to your cart are you able to get 4 in  your cart?
Customer: I got 5 in there and change it ti 4
Agent: ok sounds good i'm glad it worked out
Customer: thank you
Agent: Is there anything else I can help you with today?
Customer: nope I am good
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: bye
Agent: Hi Brian How can I help you today? 
Customer: i just purchased this motherboard: M11SDV-8C-LN4F to go inside a 505-203B i am curious what adpater i would need for the power supply.  I see that the motherboard takes an 8 pin and the chassis comes with a 24 pin
Agent: For the chassis 505-203B i see it comes with PWS-203-1H. Is this the current power supply you have?
Customer: yes, that is the one i am getting with the chassis
Agent: I see, Please give me a moment to look into this.
Customer: ok thank you
Agent: With the Power supply PWS-203-1H you won't need any extra adaptor since it has 8-pin already. 
Customer: ahh ok, great.  And just curious is there any other otions for a power supply for that chassis? one that might be more efficent?
Agent: That's the only ones listed on the chassis components but let me double check internally.  i wasn't able to find any other validated PWS for this chassis.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: i think that should do it.  Thank you!
Agent: You're welcome! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Steve
Customer: fix the bill to adress...  this does this all the time
Agent: What error are you seeing?
Customer: bill to is PO Box 81845, Austin tx 78708 it is telling me that the bill to does not match
Agent: Let me check, it should have been whitelisted previously
Customer: OK and there is not a place for me to fix
Agent: PO Box 81485, Austin, TX 78708-1485 add the 4 digits to the 9 digit zip code
Customer: yes tht is the bill to where?
Agent: If you’re still having issues changing your billing address, please follow the next steps:

1)	Once you have your shipping address entered and have chosen your shipping method, proceed to the payment method section. 
2)	Uncheck the “My billing and shipping address are the same” box 
3)	From there, you can select to add the new address, which you can enter the billing address.
  there should be a zip code field 
Customer: done, thanks for the help
Agent: You're welcome! Sorry about the inconvenience, it's always that 9-digit zip code Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: no I am good...   bye
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Edgar How can I help you today? 
Customer: are these still active ? AOM-TPM-9665V-S
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  Yes, it is still active on my end. However, we don't carry any AOC on our eStore. Please check with our resellers for availability https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: no thats all
Agent: You're welcome. 
Customer: Hi
Agent: Hi William How can I help you today? 
Customer: My company is interesting in getting set up to make purchases using purchase order How do we get started on that?
Agent: Our eStore doesn't accept PO's. 
Customer: ok thanks
Agent: We only accept credit cards and ACH payments
Customer: ACH That might be what we want how do we get set up to pay by ACH ?
Agent: For ACH this the process:
•	The process will take up to 7 business days (verification/processing) before we can process the order
•	So in all, it could be around 10-14 days before you receives the server
•	The way you apply for ACH is when you get payment method during checkout. Select ACH Bank Account Transfer. Then you have fill in your information and place your order. 

Customer: ok, thank you I will relay this info to our purchasing department
Agent: Please give me a moment i can show you screenshots on it looks.  When you are checking out during payment there is an option for ACH. 
Customer: ok, perfect thank you!
Agent: You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: no, that is all
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hi
Agent: Hi Bjoern
Customer: Just one question. I build up my first homelab to get a better feeling for recommendations in the company and so I found your m-ITX solutions
Agent: How can I help you with our ITX solutions? Was there a particular model you were looking for?
Customer: There was a system in the past which would fit perfect:
https://tinkertry.com/superservers#Bundle1-12c But it seems like you only had 200 of those? Supermicro SYS-5028D-TN4T With Xeon D-1567 I cant find it anywhere... Do you have such "somewhere"?
Agent: Have you tried with our resellers or Sales team? May I ask where you are located?
Customer: germany
Agent: Oh ok https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy
Customer: those shops dont even list many parts - I can get more stuff from you on amazon
Agent: you can filter for your region/country. Otherwise, you can try checking with our Sales team in Europe: Sales_Europe@supermicro.com
Customer: ok. Another question: whats the difference between 
Supermicro SC721TQ-350B
and 
Supermicro SC721TQ-350B2 technical - not literal ^^
Agent: Let me check, most likely the power supply
Customer: thx
Agent: Ok the 350B uses an older USB 2.0 port while the 350B2 uses USB 3.1 
Customer: Ah that a great information! Thanks Do you have and information about m-itx boards with support for >= 10cores + HT? The max I could find was 8/16 to fit in this housing
Agent: Currently, we have two m-itx boards but let me check
Customer: I would switch to AMD if necessary ^^
Agent: looks to be only 10 cores supported https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/motherboard/X12SCV-LVDS
Customer: 10C/20T?
Agent: All it says is Intel® Xeon® W-1200 Processors, 10th Generation Intel® Core™ i9/Core™ i7/Core™ i5/Core™ i3 Processor that it can support
Customer: hmm and its not possible to replace the CPU on X10SDV-TLN4F like it was preconfigured on the series I linked right?
Agent: If its in a bundle, I'm not sure. That's up to the vendor 
Customer: so bundle means the CPU is a seperate part or soldered?
Agent: Let me check
Customer: Thx - its confusing because its described as SoC but those boards existed so... Idk if it would be possible for me to buy and replace
Agent: Ah it looks like it comes with the Intel® Xeon® processor D-1541
Customer: yes that was the default version. The one with 1567 I couldnt find on any website if it even had an own naming
Agent: I see Yeah we wouldn't know from our end. You can check with our Sales if this would be available if you haven't found any success with our resellers. 
Customer: Ok thanks - you helped me nevertheless ;) have a nice day
Agent: You're welcome and thank you!  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Bjoern Neuhaus left the following comment: Kind, checked every question, good first impression on my first contact to sm
Agent: Hi Jim How can I help you today? 
Customer: Hi Liz... I am trying to purchase 2 servers... your online cart refuses the 2 CC I have tried.  I know they are not over limit and I use these cards on other sites all the time No I have tried so many times the cart is telling me it will not process because of too many failures now  not no
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: OK Tim transferred the chat to Tim
Agent: Hi Jim according to our records, the card issuer is declining i would recommend checking with your credit card company real quick to see what the issue is 
Customer: Is that for both cards?  The AMEX and the Cap One Spark?
Agent: the AMEX, you entered the wrong card number or front 4 digit code
Customer: Well... I copied and pasted it out of out LastPass.  Which is what I always do.
Agent: that's odd would you mind entering it manually
Customer: I don't have physical access to that card.... but I use it all the time. Ya I'll try that....
Agent: the exact wording says "Declined (authorization with the card issuer  was successful but the transaction was declined due to a card code mismatch with the card code on file with the card issuing bank) this is for the AMEX card
Customer: OK Ya, this is a different error than what i got the first 4 or 5 times.... but this is what I get now.... Checkout is currently unavailable due to excessive errors. Please contact us for assistance. ... so seems I have been locked out
Agent: let me check on my ennd
Customer: original errors where somethign along the lines of transaction refused. Is this the same Tim that I have been emailing back and forth with?
Agent: Yes. That's me 
Customer: LOL... Hey
Agent: yeah i was going to respond to your email and saw your chat pop up so i think what happened is you tried too many times within a certain amount of timeframe so we recommend checking your card issuer to see if they blocked it because sometimes they block it due to fraud especially if they are trying over and over again after you checked with them and clear out all the issues, i would recommend trying to place an order again i apologize for the inconvenience and trouble this may have caused 
Customer: OK... I just got in touch with our Controller.... she's checking that AMEX
Agent: we just want to make sure it's you (or your company in this case) 
Customer: ... ya, I get it... that's good.  I just had issues right from the start trying to use this. Our controller is logging in.
Agent: ok sounds good
Customer: Our controller says the card shows 5 charges all for $6438.91 all pending!!!!
Agent: the charges did not go through  those pending charges occur when the order is decline
Customer: Your website todl me it had denied the transaction???
Agent: towards the end of the day, those will pending charge will release  as that's when they usually check with the merchant whether the transaction is successful or not  if it is not successful (like this case), those pending charges will be lifted if it is successful then we'll process the payment
Customer: Ok... at this point I am frustrated and more than done.  We will wait until tomorrow. I will put eyes on that physical CC and make sure I have all the right info.
Agent: I totally understand. I think it's best to wait until tomorrow. I apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused. Hopefully the payment will be lifted soon and it'll work out tomorrow Again, we're sorry about this  Feel free to reach out via email or live chat. I'd be more than happy to assist 
Customer: Thank you Tim... have a good evening, or morning... whatever your timezone
Agent: have a good rest of your day!  Thanks again Jim!
Customer: hello looking for 1 unit of PWS-2K21A-BR
Agent: Hi Saad
Customer: do you have this instock?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: ok
Agent: How many do you want?
Customer: 1 unit do you have?
Agent: We should have in enough for you https://store.supermicro.com/2200w-blade-pws-2k21a-br.html?queryID=bbb00b3e32155b4f9032fec895f3ffc9&objectID=874&indexName=supermicro_default_products
Customer: how should i make a purchase? should i send PO to you for blind drop ship?
Agent: May I know where are you located?
Customer: can you quote me discounted price? we are located in USA CA
Agent: Unfortunately, we don't have any discount for 1 units. We also only accept Credit Cards and ACH bank transfer
Customer: where should i send PO can you do blind drop ship?
Agent: Unfortunately, we don't accept PO. We can do blind or drop ship.
Customer: should i place online?
Agent: Yes, please go ahead to add the power supply to your cart and purchase it online with your credit cards Can I help you with anything else?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Saad Arif left the following comment: i have placed the order
Your order number is: 1000024704. Hello. How may I help you? i have placed the order Your order number is: 1000024704.
Agent: Hi Saad
Customer: make it blind drop ship to my customer
Agent: of course. 
Customer: ok TY
Agent: Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: thanks when should i get the tracking?
Agent: You should get it by the end of the day. 
Customer: ok ty
Agent: You're welcome! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hi there, I recently acquired a X11SCH-F motherboard from a Spanish Supermicro retailer and am currently looking for ECC RAM to add up
Agent: Hi Rui
Customer: I'm going to pair that motherboard with a used Xeon E-2124
Agent: Ok, so you were just looking for compatible memory? what capacity and speed were you looking for?
Customer: Yes, that´s it. I'm looking for at least 32GB since I'm planning run a ZFS Raid-Z2 in TrueNAS Core with 8 HDDs and I'm gonna be using several Jails and Plugins, probably some soft virtualization too. Regarding speed, I believe the CPU and chipset caps off at 2666 MTs so maybe that, I guess
Agent: Ok understood, let me check what would work with this motherboard https://store.supermicro.com/32gb-ddr4-2666-mem-dr432l-cv02-eu26.html is compatible
Customer: Perfect, and I have a bulky heatsink so the VLP form factor will come in handy, too
Agent: Yeah for sure
Customer: One more question: does the board support Registered ECC and if so, do you think it's worth it for a Home NAS environment with non-critical data?
Agent: This motherboard does not support registered DIMMs, just ECC unbuffered  hence the EU in the naming convention
Customer: Thank you very much, Kyle. I will proceed with the order now 🙂. Having ECC is already a good step towards integrity, RDIMMs would probably be overkill anyway
Agent: You're welcome! Also may I ask where you are shipping these to?
Customer: Portugal
Agent: Ahh ok I'm sorry, but unfortunately, our Supermicro eStore currently only ships within the United States. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy  But at least you have the model#
Customer: Yeah, that's already a big favor you did for me. The thing is it's super hard to get server grade hardware in Portugal because supply is extremely low and prices way over inflated
Agent: Oh I see, that's unfortunate. Perhaps one of the US resellers can ship to you hopefully
Customer: Still, I came here to get my doubts cleared up and you did that perfectly. Thank you so much! I will scan european retailers and see my options :)
Agent: You're very welcome Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: No, that's all You guys are awesome, have a wonderful day
Agent: Thank you! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Rui Castro left the following comment: Fast, informative and polite. 10/10, I went out an extremely happy customer! hi
Agent: Hi Alex How can I help you today?  Do you asked for tax exempt? We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Alex Ivar Calvimonte Rocha left the following comment: 
I want to buy hard drives, I have my postcard there in Miami, but my credit card is not accepted Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Alex
Customer: 
I want to buy hard drives, I have my postcard there in Miami, but my credit card is not accepted
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we only accept the U.S credit cards/ACH bank transfer at the moment. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy  May I know your credit card billing information is in the U.S? We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com 
Customer: 
The shipping data is with our address from there in the United States. I gave you the address.
Agent: I mean the your credit card is the US credit card?
Customer: no, bolivia
Agent: I see. I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we only accept the U.S credit cards/ ACH bank transfer at the moment.
Customer: Okay, so I could make a bank transfer, what would be the data?
Agent: The bank transfer also need the US bank.
Customer: paypal jejej
Agent: We don't accept paypal, unfortunately  I'm sorry for this inconvenience
Customer: mmm
Agent: Note: The billing address information of your payment should be the address in the United Stated
Customer: ok
Agent: Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: 4283 EXPRESS LN, Suite 7062-042
SARASOTA, FL US 34249-2602
Agent: Is this your credit card address? or bank account address?
Customer: 
is the billing address
Agent: If that is, you can purchase with us.
Customer: 
The problem is that the credit card was issued to me by a Bolivian bank in Bolivia.
Agent: That's mean your billing address is in Bolivia not the U.S though
Customer: I currently reside in Bolivia, 
I have the box there in the US at the address I showed you
Agent: In order to place the order, your payment (bank/ credit cards) need to be issued by a US bank, unfortunately
Customer: ok
Agent: You can contact our resellers or distributors at https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy You can use the filter to search resellers located in the Bolivia  Is there anything else I may help you with today?  Hi Fernando How may I help you? 
Customer: Hi, Im looking for memory for this server Nutanix NX-1065-G6 32GB capacity
Agent: Here is the link for all 32GB memory we currently have https://store.supermicro.com/memory/ddr4.html?memory_size=11 Hi Juan
Customer: hola
Agent: How can I help you today? 
Customer: me puedes  ayudar  con  un servidor
Agent: I'm sorry, can you please speak English? We don't want to misunderstand you by using the translate
Customer: ok
Agent: Thank you! May I know how can I help you?
Customer: I need to buy some servers MBD-X10DAI
Agent: I see. can you please confirm if you are a U.S. customer and are fine with using a credit card (Visa, MasterCard, and American Express)/ACH Bank Account Transfer as a form of payment?


Customer: I need to buy some servers, do you ship to Peru?
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, our Supermicro eStore currently only ships and sells within the United States. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.
https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy  or you can contact our Sales team at Sales-USA@supermicro.com  
Customer: I can pay by any of those means that you indicate
Agent: Yes, but our eStore can not ship to outside of the United State. Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: How can you help me or refer someone who makes sales to Peru?
Agent: You can contact our resellers from this link https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy or email Sales at Sales-USA@supermicro.com Can I help you with anything else?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Eben How can I help you today? 
Customer: what is the availability of this system with an AMD Ryzen Threadripper pro 64 core processor?
Agent: We currently has this in stock https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-threadripper-performance-workstation-as-5014a-tt.html How many of this system do you want?
Customer: Do you have that specific CPU? (64 core version)
Agent: Can you see the 64 core option on from the link at CPU option
Customer: Yes, I checked it off when configuring a system. 
 Where do you ship from?  I.e. is this going to get stuck in a shipping jam coming into the US?
Agent: We ship from California and only ship within the US Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: Nope, off to talk to the boss about buying a system...!
Agent: Sound good! Please let us know if you need any assistance It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Tiffany How can I help you today? 
Customer: Hi Mark, how can I apply sales tax exemption to my online account?
Agent: We do accept tax-exempt, but it would be applied after the purchase not during the time of purchase.

In order to apply for tax exemption, you would need to provide valid certificate, which you can send to eStore-support@supermicro.com along with your order number.

Your tax-exempt request will be processed after we have verified that the certificate is valid. 
It usually takes up to 10 business days for the tax amount to return back to your original form of payment.
  Before submitting a request, please review the tax exempt guide carefully.  Incomplete or incorrect submissions will be rejected.
https://store.supermicro.com/tax-exemption-guide
  There isn't a way to add it to your account. You have to let us know each time after your order to apply tax-exempt to your order. 
Customer: who do I email after the order is placed to refund sales tax?
Agent: eStore-support@supermicro.com 
Customer: perfect, thanks Mark!
Agent: You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Nope, that's all for now. Have a nice weekend
Agent: Thank you! It was nice talking to you. Have a great weekend, goodbye! 
Customer: bye :) hello
Agent: Hello Carlos
Customer: hi, im checking on Order # 1000024677
Agent: Sure, let me check for you.
Customer: was hoping it would have shipped by yesterday, still says pending
Agent: During assembly, there was a defective part that needed replacement so the hope is it will ship out today, no guarantees though. 
Customer: ok tks
Agent: you're welcome you will get a shipping/tracking email when it does 
Customer: ok
Agent: Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: that was it, tks
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day and weekend, goodbye!  Hi Mehul How can I help you today? 
Customer: I am looking for this server. SYS-220HE-FTNRD Location: Richardson, USA Richardson, TX, USA two of them
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry this server on our eStore. Do you look for this specific server SKUs only?
Customer: how do I purchase this one? Whom do I contact ?
Agent: Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.
https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy  Or our Sales team at Sales-USA@supermicro.com   Is there anything else I may help you with today?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com 
Customer: Thanks
Agent: You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today?  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Roma How can I help you today? 
Customer: hi I'm looking for this item https://store.supermicro.com/720w-1u-pws-721p-1r.html do you know whe is going to be in stock?
Agent: This power supply is currently EOL.  Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.
https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy

Customer: ok thx
Agent: You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: I have a customer in Canada that does not see the "buy now" feature to buy online do you know what's wrong?
Agent: I'm assuming you are referring to the corporate site? 
Customer: yes
Agent: That's because we just enabled eStore server business for only certain states/country
Customer: canada is not on the list
Agent: Canada is not on the list  you can have this customer use our auto-configurator Hi Stephan How can I help you today? 
Customer: Hi Liz I'm searching for a drive tray for the CSE-M28SACB. Which one is compatible? The MCP-220-00090-0B one seems not be available anywhere.
Agent: Oh I see. I'm about give you the MCP-220-00090-0B part number. Please give me a moment while I check for you if we have any alternative.  You can use the MCP-220-00047-0B. It is the same as MCP-220-00090-0B, but is different style of the bezel and handle. https://store.supermicro.com/mcp-220-00047-0b.html?queryID=10e6ee6ee2ecdfc62f8bece86479818c&objectID=634&indexName=supermicro_default_products
Customer: ok, so i will try this one.
Agent: Sound good! Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: But you are sure that they are compatible.
Agent: Please give me a moment while I double check for you.  Can I email you back via stephan.schuetz@terra.ch? I would need to double check internally to have the confirm for this
Customer: Yes that^s ok. How long does shipping to Switzerland take if I order 8 pieces?
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, our Supermicro eStore currently only ships within the United States. You can check with our resellers and distributors in Switzerland for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: No, thank you. I will wait for your eMail and then have a look for a reseller in europe. Thank you.
Agent: Sound good! You're welcome.  I will email you back as soon as I have the confirmation It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Eduardo
Customer: Hi Mark. I live in Brazil anda I have some supermicro products and would like to buy this one in June when I will stay in Florida. How can I do it?
Agent: You are looking for the Ultra SuperServer SYS-120U-TNR?
Customer: Yes Maybe SuperServer 1029U-TR4 . Its depend of the price.
Agent: I see, please give me a moment. 
Customer: My doubt is that if I can bay it on line in eStore and pick up later.
Agent: In order to buy from eStore you'll have to have valid U.S shipping & billing address. We only ship within United States We don't hold orders. 
Customer: Ok. So, Can I use my friends address to delivery? Or some Box
Agent: Yes you can use your friend's address  You'll just need a credit card with a billing address within United States
Customer: I can not use International Credit card from Brazil? Or paypal?
Agent: Unfortunately we don't take Paypal. Only CC's with U.S billing address.  I would also like to mentioned we currently don't have 1029U-TR4 or SYS-120U-TNR in stock. I would have to check the ETA.
Customer: Do you have some similar? Sorry, but what is ETA?
Agent: The ETA is 1.5-2 weeks.  Please give me second to find something similar.  Something similar is SYS-120C-TN10R Do you have account with us?
Customer: Let me check with my technical employe
Agent: Of course. let us know if you do. 
Customer: I'm not get to find he Could you check if there is some email adress @expertsystem.com.br
Agent: Please give me a amount We can't find anything with those email  Please create an account on the link, and after creating your account give me the email used so we can enable you to see our systems.  https://store.supermicro.com/customer/account/create/
Customer: Done. eduardo@expertsystem.com.br
Agent: Please login out and log back in and you should have access to our servers https://store.supermicro.com/customer/account/login/ This system i mentioned we have in stock https://store.supermicro.com/sys-120c-tn10r.html
Customer: Ok I'm Loged
Agent: awesome!
Customer: Is there another option to pay with out a credit card?
Agent: Unfortunately no we only accept CC's with U.S billing address.
Customer: I have an American Debit card but the address is in Brazil.
Agent: I see, unfortunately our eStore won't accept it due to Non-US address. 
Customer: Thanks for your attention. See you.
Agent: You're welcome!  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Bye. trying to place an order and unable to place, check billing address. it is 100% correct.. Please check the billing address information. Invalid value of "846" provided for the regionId field.
Agent: Hi Bart, let me check for you
Customer: k
Agent: What's the complete address?
Customer: BILLING: 22099 flower dr boca raton fl 33428
Agent: Ok thanks! Can you try using 33428-4628 for the zip code?
Customer: i did it automatically changed it
Agent: So weird, ok. Give me a moment while I check
Customer: Please check the billing address information. Invalid value of "846" provided for the regionId field. Bart Stall
22099 FLOWER DR
BOCA RATON, 33428-4628
Agent: Ok thanks I'm unable to replicate using that address. I did not choose the recommended address though I did enter exactly as 

22099 FLOWER DR
BOCA RATON, 33428-4628
Customer: and the order went thru? wanna place it for me?
Agent: Oh I see you get the error when trying to place the order 
Customer: yup
Agent: so the address isn't the issue
Customer: correct
Agent: let me check with our dev team on this 
Customer: standing by
Agent: Ok, hopefully not too long Thanks for waiting. Can you try inputting the address manually without using auto-fill? 

Click on edit address and enter everything manually on each field. 
Customer: stand by
Agent: Ok will do
Customer: Your order number is: 1000024714. thanks for your help
Agent: You're welcome! I see it now Great! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: all set. have a great weekend
Agent: Thank you! Have a great weekend, goodbye!
Customer: Hello, I think this is the wrong site.. I was looking to possibly purchase a SuperMicro X11 or X12 motherboard (SPA-T/SPA-TF).
Agent: Hello Coleton I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry any motherboards on our eStore. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy 
Customer: Oh, okay. Thank you.
Agent: You're welcome Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: I think that's all. :)
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: I'm looking for the recommended RAM for the X11STN-H motherboard
Agent: Hi Sam! Can you please confirm the motherboard part numbber? Are you there? We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Courtney How can I help you with tax exemption? We do accept tax-exempt, but it would be applied after the purchase not during the time of purchase.

In order to apply for tax exemption, you would need to provide valid certificate, which you can send to eStore-support@supermicro.com along with your order number.

Your tax-exempt request will be processed after we have verified that the certificate is valid. 
It usually takes up to 10 business days for the tax amount to return back to your original form of payment.
  Before submitting a request, please review the tax exempt guide carefully.  Incomplete or incorrect submissions will be rejected.
https://store.supermicro.com/tax-exemption-guide
  Can I help you with anything else?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Terrence How can I help you today? 
Customer: Hi, I’m looking for a chassis for my motherboard, but I already have a PSU, it’s an ATX PSU
Agent: I see. However, we do not carry any chassis on our eStore. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy 
Customer: I was looking more for a recommendation lol
Agent: You can check more compatible chassis on our main site here https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/motherboard/H12SSL-CT
Customer: They all come with PSUs, where are your chassis’s with no PSU?
Agent: I don't think we have the chassis without PSU though. But you can check with our sales team to see if they have the solution for you
Customer: Ok 👍
Agent: Sales-USA@supermicro.com
Customer: Ok 👍 Thank you 🙏
Agent: You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: No, that was all, thank you
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Medina
Customer: I have been trying to place an order for 2 days.   This site won't let me because it keeps telling me that my billing address and shipping address don't match Our location is different than our billing address. We are Applied Research Laboratories-University of Texas.  I am using my company issued credit card for this facility but the bills go directly to the UT campus.
Agent: I see. You need uncheck My billing and shipping are the same. 
Customer: I have tried that numerous times but it defaults back to being checked. I kept trying this yesterday and the site kicked me out saying that there are too many errors. This is a product that we really need to order asap. Can I order it from supermicro any other way.?
Agent: Please give us a moment I am going to try to duplicate your case.  Medina Stout
Applid Research Laboratories
10000 Burnet Rd
AUSTIN, Texas, 78758-4423
United States
T: 5125071193 
Is the shipping. What is the billing address?
Customer: The company name is Applied Research Laboratories (not Applid) shipping 10000 Burnet Rd. Austin TX 78758 The billing address is- 1616 Guadalupe, Austin, TX 78701
Agent: please give me moment to try this I was able to add the shipping and uncheck My billing and shipping are the same If you get error during payment method please try Ctrl-F5 When you put your billing address, put this exactly :Medina Stout
 Applied Research Laboratories
 1616 Guadalupe
 AUSTIN, Texas, 78701-1204
 United States Our end we seeing that the billing and shipping is the same. Please uncheck the "My billing and shipping address are the same"
Customer: That is the address on file but when I try to process payment it tells me that there is an AVS error and that the information doesn't match my billing address linked to the card I'm using.  I have submitted two previous order using this account with no problems.
Agent: The reason your are getting "AVI mismatch" is because the billing & shipping are both the 10000 Burnet Rd. Austin TX 78758
Customer: now when I de-select the billing/shipping are the same, it gives me the option of typing in a new address or selecting a drop down box it gives me the billing address
Agent: If the selection box has the address:
 1616 Guadalupe
AUSTIN, Texas, 78701-1204
United States
Please select it If there is not, please select the new address and input exactly the address below:( with 9 digit zipcode)
1616 Guadalupe
AUSTIN, Texas, 78701-1204
United States Awesome i seen it went through!
Customer: Okay. That worked! Thank you so much for your assistance. Have a great weekend!
Agent: You're welcome! It was nice talking to you. Have a great weekend, goodbye!  Hi Benjamin
Customer: Hi KYle
Agent: How can I help you today?
Customer: I am looking to purchase 6 of these servers SYS-5019P-WT but I see that they are out of stock. Can you see if it is possible to restock these?
Agent: Sure, let me check on availability for you
Customer: Thanks
Agent: Thanks for waiting. It looks like it may be another 2-3 weeks till this server is available. 

If the following option is ok, SYS-5019P-WTR, we do have this version in stock and the difference is that it has redundant power supplies.  https://store.supermicro.com/wio-server-1u-sys-5019p-wtr.html
Customer: Okay thanks for the info. The only difference is the redundant power supplies?
Agent: That is correct
Customer: Okay thank you
Agent: You're welcome!  You should be able to choose the same components and the motherboard is the same. Would this work for you?
Customer: Yes that will work, I'm going to look into it and probably do that
Agent: Sure sounds good, we do have 17 currently in stock for that version. Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: No, thats all thanks have a great weekend
Agent: Thank you! It was nice talking to you. Have a great weekend, goodbye! 
Customer: Hi Mark
Agent: Hi Mike How can I help you today? 
Customer: Can you tell me when the following 2 SKUs will be avaialble? SYS-E300-12D-10CN6P
SYS-E302-12D-8C
Agent: Please give me a moment to check. Is it okay if can email you back at mike@telemitra.com when i get an update?
Customer: yes that would be great, thank you
Agent: have you seen the two IoT we have available on our eStore? SYS-E100-9S https://store.supermicro.com/sys-e100-9s.html we also have SYS-E100-9W-H https://store.supermicro.com/sys-e100-9w-h.html but it's not in stock i can get the ETA if you are interest.
Customer: yes, I have a customer that is very particular, looking for those two units specifically
Agent: I see,.  Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.
https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy
 You can also contact our Sale team at Sales-USA@supermicro.com
Tel: +1 408-503-8000
 Can I help you with anything else?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Wayne
Customer: Hi
Agent: This MCP-290-00053-0N is included
 Inner Rail: 1 x MCP-290-00115-0N
Outer Rail: 1 x MCP-290-00113-0N
 each of inner rail and outer rail should have 2 side
Customer: so this is a complete kit to mount a server left and right?
Agent: Yes
Customer: ok thanks
Agent: You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: that was all - thank you
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: you too - bye
Agent: Thank you! Hi David How can I help you today? 
Customer: I am wanting to buy this: BPN-SAS-116TQ 1U SAS /
SATA HDD Backplane the supermicro part number is BPN-SAS-116TQ
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry any backplane on our eStore at the moment.
Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy  Is there anything else I may help you with today?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  Hi Dimitrii
Customer: Morning Liz,
I'm looking to order 5 of the AS-5014A-TT machines, but it looks like you only have 2 CPUs in stock?
This is the CPU:
AMD Ryzen Threadripper Pro 16-Core 3.90 GHz 64MB Cache could you confirm that there are only 2 of those CPUs in stock right now?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  We currently have 2 of 16 core CPUs in stock currently, but I can double check internally to see if we can request more inventory for this CPUs. Can I email you back via dmitrii.galantsev@amd.com as soon as I confirm the stock on my end?
Customer: Yes sounds good! Please send email when you confirm.
Also, could you get an estimate for when you will have more in stock?
Agent: Yes, I can check for the lead time of this CPUs and email you back with the inventory information.
Customer: Awesome thank you so much, that's it
Agent: You're welcome.  I will email you back soon. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Kyle
Customer: Hello Liz
Agent: How can I help you today? 
Customer: I am trying to add SuperMicro as a vendor to our University and I need some forms in order to buy servers from the estore. It seems they need a W2 filled out and a primary contact I mean 2-9 w-9
Agent: I can send you an W9 to your email. Is the kcw2152@cumc.columbia.edu best to reach you?
Customer: Yes
Agent: Thank you! Please give me a moment to send you a W9
Customer: Okay, thank you :)
Agent: I just sent you the W9. Can you please check if you received it?
Customer: Sure, I am waiting for it still. I will msg back once I get it.
Agent: Sure! Please contact us if you don't receive it. Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: Yes, I was wondering about the power supply for the AS -5014A-TT We are going to buy one once the vendor thing is approved. We are going to supply our own GPUs, but just want to ensure  the power supply has enough connectors for 4 GPUs 8 and 6 pin connectors
Agent: I can see the AS -5014A-TT can support up to 4 GPUs on the specification detail.
Customer: Okay, is there anywhere to give me a count on the number of 6 and 8 pin connectors? I see that it is the "2000W PS/2 Multi-Output Power Supply"
Agent: Do you mean the  6 and 8 pin connectors connector of the power supply?
Customer: Just the number of cables 6/8 pin connectors connected to the power supply
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  You can see the power supply connectors in the manual https://www.supermicro.com/manuals/superserver/tower/MNL-2429.pdf  page 52 and 53
Customer: Thank you. Also, I got the email as well. Okay, thank you for your help today.
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: You too
Agent: Thank you!
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hello Mark
Agent: Hello kyle
Customer: I am trying to add SuperMicro as a vendor to our University. I got the W-9 from another agent, but I forgot to ask for a primary contact. I need an email, phone number and full name of someone.
Agent: Please give me a moment to get you this information. 
Customer: Thank you
Agent: Email: estore-support@supermicro.com , phone:+1 408-503-8000
Customer: I will try and see if the university will accept this . Thank you for your help.
Agent: You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: That is all. Thank you :) Have a good day
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Ben How can I help you?
Customer: Hi. I'm having trouble making a purchase through the online store. It keeps getting rejected in address verification. Are you able to help with that?
Agent: Oh I'm sorry to hear and yes I can. What's the address in question?
Customer: 6171 Willowmore Ct Highlands Ranch, CO 80130-3364
Agent: Ok thank you, let me check on this
Customer: Thank you.
Agent: What's the error or issue you are seeing? I'm able to get to the credit card payment with that address
Customer: I'll take a screenshot next time but it says it's failing in AVS
Agent: Oh I see So you're able to get to the payment completion For AVS, this means the address provided for billing does not match the billing address tied to the credit card being used (address on the billing statement)
Customer: Authorize.Net CIM Gateway: Transaction failed. The transaction has been declined because of an AVS mismatch. The address provided does not match billing address of cardholder.
Agent: I would double check that
Customer: That's the message I get. I've confirmed the address I gave you in my banking app and directly with their technical support.
Agent: Was their another address tied to the card previously? Otherwise, it should work. 
Customer: No we've only ever had this address while using this card. Do you have the ability to see exactly what address the web site sent for verification?
Agent: All I see is:

Ben Sheets
6171 WILLOWMORE CT
HIGHLANDS RANCH, Colorado, 80130-3364
 I tried it without using the recommended address tool just manual  so lowercase how you provided me
Customer: I manually changed it to the lower case and now I get: No such entity with addressId = 97128
Agent: Oh ok Try manually not using any auto-complete features I see you've purchased before though. Was that using the same card?
Customer: No this is a new card. I manually typed in every field and got: No such entity with addressId = 97130
Agent: Ok, it should work since it's the same address as before. Is there another name tied to this card or just you? Hmm, ok now it's giving an issue usually tied with auto-complete I apologize for all the issues. Is there another browser or computer you can try? 
Customer: I tried it in a mobile browser and got the AVS failure again. hello.  do you have sales tax exemption for resellers?  i'm in ohio
Agent: Hi Jonathan We do accept tax-exempt, but it would be applied after the purchase not during the time of purchase.

In order to apply for tax exemption, you would need to provide valid certificate, which you can send to eStore-support@supermicro.com along with your order number.

Your tax-exempt request will be processed after we have verified that the certificate is valid. 
It usually takes up to 10 business days for the tax amount to return back to your original form of payment.
  Before submitting a request, please review the tax exempt guide carefully.  Incomplete or incorrect submissions will be rejected.
https://store.supermicro.com/tax-exemption-guide
  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: no that answers my question.  thank you
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hey there, Kyle
Agent: Hello How can I help you?
Customer: https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/motherboard/X10DRH-iT notes that the X10DRH-iT is discontinued andthere is a successor product ... What is the model for the successor, please?
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not sell any motherboards on the eStore so I would recommend checking with our Sales team at Sales-USA@supermicro.com
Customer: Sorry to both you .. ttfn what is the country of origin?
Agent: Hi Heather How can I help you today? 
Customer: can you please provide the country of origin for p/n PWS-2K22A-1R
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  The power supply made in China Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: is this product constrained? Or in short supply?
Agent: It's still active on my end. How many do you want?
Customer: 3 but through Ingram Micro
Agent: oh I see. Yes, the power supply is shortage and we don't have the exactly lead time
Customer: okay thank you.
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: all set, thanks so much
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Paul How can I help you today? 
Customer: hi what disk is recommended to replace HUS726040AL4210
Agent: You are looking to replace https://store.supermicro.com/4tb-hdd-a4tb-hus726040al4210.html?
Customer: yes
Agent: This drive is EOL we don't have carry it no more on our eStore.  Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.
https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy

Customer: is there a suitable replacement that is not EOL for my supermicro system?
Agent: Please give me second to check. 
Customer: ok
Agent: There isn't a replacement. Can i ask what system or motherboard you are using this with and i can find compatible drives that are similar?
Customer: sure. let me check X10SRH-CLN4F
Agent: Thank you. Please give me amount. 
Customer: ok
Agent: I found HDD-3T04T-1FECR https://store.supermicro.com/4tb-sata3-hdd-t4000-st4000nm002a.html
Customer: that is sata3 not sas though
Agent: sorry. Let me get you the correct one. 
Customer: can you email it to me, I have to go. paulc@urbanstudionyc.com
Agent: Yes i can email you all this information. 
Customer: thank you
Agent: you're welcome! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: bye
Agent: Hi George
Customer: Hi Kyle I need EU RoHS & REACH for few part numbers, can you help?
Agent: I may be able to help, but its not something we have readily available so it may take awhile depending on the product.
Customer: if you send me contact info for compliance I can send my request with part numbers
Agent: You can just send it to estore-support@supermicro.com and I can put in a request to them.
Customer: ok thanks for your help
Agent: You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: bye
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hi, Liz
Agent: Hi Name How can I help you today? 
Customer: I have a product specification question about an item in the eStore, please https://store.supermicro.com/1u-passive-cpu-cooler-snk-p0047pd.html Is there documentation of the physical dimensions? .. Like a design spec document or something more than what is posted, please?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: Thanks
Agent: Unfortunately, I don't have any information about the physical dimensions of the heatsink. I would recommend you to check with our Sales team at Sales-USA@supermicro.com for this information.
Customer: K .. tanks Tah4Now
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Jonathan How may I help you?
Customer: what is the warranty and is there a 5 yr opttion? SYS-1019P-WTR
Agent: Warranty for our eStore servers should be the 3 year labor, 3 year parts, 1 year cross shipment. There will be the 5yrs option up coming, but will need to be add with the server when purchase. It should be available sometime this week. The price for 5 years option will be 30% of the price of server
Customer: oh is estore something new?
Agent: It will be launched soon. It is not available at this time, unfortunately. I just don't have the exact date for the extended warranty yet. For now the warranty for a sever is  3 year labor, 3 year parts, 1 year cross shipment. Do you interested in our regular warranty? We currently have SYS-1019P-WTR in stock and ready to ship within 3-5 business days
Just let you know that:
• All of our configurations has been fully validated by our Supermicro system lab.
• We offer free shipping for all server orders. (limited time only)
• We offer blazing fast turnaround time 2-3 business days if you purchase something via our eStore configurator.
• Warranty is 3 years for server, 3 years for parts, and 1 year of cross—shipping. (limited time only)
• We may have more storage capacity on our eStore. (Please contact me if you don’t see any capacity available)  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: SSD vs NVMe for performance?  looking at raid 1 2TB.  and which raid controller
Agent: May I asked do you intend to use the VMware for RAID? or Vsphere OS
Customer: MS hypervisor 2 vm's.  1 ad and one for app and sql
Agent: The reason I asked is that the VMware doesn't support the VROC keys( NVMe RAID controller for storage) The NVMe is faster than the SSD
Customer: ah.  microsoft is what we plan to use
Agent: I see. For NVMe RAID uses VROC key Please give me a moment while I check for the controller card for SSD  For SSD you can use the AOC-S3108L-H8IR-16DD for RAID https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/accessories/addon/AOC-S3108L-H8iR.php If you would like to add the controller card, I can help you on my end and send you a pre-configurate link. Please provide me your full spec requirement For SSD/HDD RAID, you can either use on board RAID controller or hardware controller to do RAID 1 Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: no i think that is it
Agent: Sound good! Please let us know if you need assistance on selection options. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hi Mark
Agent: Hi Bruno
Customer: Can you cancel an order for me? Order# 1000024744 I ordered with the wrong shipping method
Agent: I see. You can cancel the order on your end by go to My Account -> Orders -> Cancel order Please let me know if this works. 
Customer: That worked, thank you Mark
Agent: You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: No, thanks, have a great day.
Agent: Hi Krishna How can I help you?
Customer: Hi Kyle, I am trying to plug in a gpu to my computer and I am using PWS-1K25P-PQ My GPU has 2 power supply slots 8 pin and 6 pin
Agent: Oh I see
Customer: and from the power supply I want to identify I want to see Which are the PCIE power supply cables. How do I see that?
Agent: This PSU should have 4 6pin PCIe connectors and 2 6+2pin PCIe connectors
Customer: I see number P16 and P23 connectors. Can you tell me what are those PCIE types?
Agent: Let me check There's no diagram unfortunately available, but there should be four 6-pin PCI-e connectors and two 6+2 PCI-e connectors, all at 500mm
Customer: ok thanks
Agent: you're welcome Can I help you with anything else?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Is this an automated service or is there an actual person on the other end
Agent: Hi Antoine How can I help you today?  I'm an actual person 😄
 May I know which product are you looking for availability? We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Ben How can I help you today? 
Customer: Hello Mark, I have a pws-1k28p-sq which may be faulty. can I replace it withpws-1k23a-r1?
Agent: Please bear with me for a few more minutes while I check for you.  Yes you can replace with PWS-1K23A-1R
Customer: ok thanks
Agent: Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: you have a store link for th 1k23A?
Agent: We currently out of stock. PWS-1K23A-1R https://store.supermicro.com/1200w-1u-pws-1k23a-1r.html. Is this order that is going to be place within United States? You can also check with our resellers and distributors for availability.
https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy
 We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Jim
Customer: Hi. I was wondering if you can recommend a 10G NIC for this system and do you sell them? SYS-6016U-TR4
Agent: Please give me moment to check. 
Customer: sorry 6019
Agent: do prefer RJ45 or SFP+? 
Customer: RJ45
Agent: https://www.supermicro.com/en/support/resources/aoc/standard?show=SELECT&type=Ultra We don't sell these on our eStore. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.
https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy

Customer: thx, much appreciated
Agent: Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Nope
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Can I return an order?
Agent: Hi Brian
Customer: Hi Kyle!  I just ordered a pair of pail sets for some older servers I picked up, but I grabbed the wrong model, sorry!
Agent: What is the order# and what is the reason? Oh understood. Did you need help looking for the correct model?
Customer: If possible, that would be great!  I tried using the automated tool, but I think these boxes are too old The server part number is in the SKU box above
Agent: Ok let me check for you What is the order# btw?
Customer: Thanks! Looking for that, I thought I was logged in, one sec
Agent: Sure no worries
Customer: 1000024644
Agent: MCP-290-00062-0N is the compatible rail kit: https://store.supermicro.com/1u-rail-kit-mcp-290-00062-0n.html Ok thanks
Customer: Those are too long, unfortunately
Agent: Ok let me check for a shorter one if available
Customer: Thanks!  Ideally with a minimum length <21 inches
Agent: MCP-290-00056-0N will work, it's only an outer rail: https://store.supermicro.com/1u-rail-kit-mcp-290-00056-0n.html You can use the inner rail from your existing rail kit To submit an RMA  (return) request, please utilize our new support portal at https://webpr3.supermicro.com/SupportPortal/. If you have not submitted a request before, please register prior to doing so.  
Customer: In that case, I would need to NOT submit an RMA? What about this model? https://store.supermicro.com/1u-rail-kit-mcp-290-00055-0n.html?queryID=742f9afaf53260634fa0ec50372f49a1&objectID=660&indexName=supermicro_default_products
Agent: Wait, when you got this chassis or server, it came with a rail kit correct?
Customer: No
Agent: the one that was too long? ohh
Customer: I have a set of inner rails from  a linear friction set that work with these servers, but no outer rails
Agent: MCP-290-00055-0N would not work  Oh you do
Customer: linear friction only, not ball bearing
Agent: you just need the MCP-290-00056-0N then it's a Linear Friction Rail for short depth racks
Customer: It says ball-bearing on the page
Agent: oh I see, that doesn't look right. the detailed specs say it's linear friction actually
Customer: Oh, that's interesting.
Agent: Sorry for the confusion
Customer: And yeah, actually looking at the image, it looks like a linear friction rail No worries
Agent: Yeah ill inform our dev team on that typo or misprint MCP-290-00056-0N works with other linear friction rails that are too long
Customer: Perfect.  Thanks!
Agent: for the product you ordered last week, please use the RMA link I provided earlier
Customer: Copy that
Agent: you will need to create an account there if you haven't returned anything before
Customer: ok
Agent: Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Nope, that's it.  Thank you!  Have a good evening!
Agent: Thank you! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: where can I buy a X12SCZ-F motherboard?
Agent: Hi Michel How can I help you today?  I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry motherboard on our eStore. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.
https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: Hello
Agent: Hi Dimitris How can I help you today? 
Customer: hi we have 2 SuperServers SYS-5018R-WR with the MEM-DR440L-CL01-ER24 memory we need to upgrade the memories what are the compatible ones?
Agent: are you looking for 16GB?
Customer: yes
Agent: Please give me second to look this up. 
Customer: yes i will be waiting
Agent: MEM-DR416LD-ER29 https://store.supermicro.com/16gb-ddr4-2933-mem-dr416l-cl03-er29.html
Customer: is this compatible ?
Agent: MEM-DR416LD-ER32 https://store.supermicro.com/16gb-ddr4-3200-mem-dr416l-hl02-er32.html With memory you would have to get all the same ones.  They are compatible with your system
Customer: but it says is not validate if  search the p/n or the motherboard number
Agent: Please bear with me
Customer: i am here i am waiting for a clarification
Agent: if you would go to the system product page and click on Tested memory you can see all validated memory https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/system/1u/5018/sys-5018r-wr.cfm That's where i was able to find these memories. Where you able to see the validated list for memories?
Customer: yes i am looking them  right now one moment please
Agent: of course. please let me know if you have any questions
Customer: so because i have 2 servers if i would purchase  4 memories (2/server) it would be ok ? should i had any performance issue/ ?
Agent: If you add 4x16GB(64GB) for each server you should be okay.
Customer: why not 2 x 16Gb to every server?
Agent: Let me double check  We recommended to have at least 2. That should be okay.   Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: One last confirmation
Agent: How can i help you with your last confirmation?
Customer: i am writing my question
Agent: Of course take your time. 
Customer: https://store.supermicro.com/16gb-ddr4-3200-mem-dr416l-hl02-er32.html where did you find this? i am searching from the tested memories but i cannot find it If we purchase 2 of these rams for each server it would be ok? if we install 2 of them to each server it would be ok?
Agent: Please ignore that the link MEM-DR416L-HL02-ER32 https://store.supermicro.com/16gb-ddr4-3200-mem-dr416l-hl02-er32.html  Let me get you the correct one.  This the correct one for your system MEM-DR416LD-ER32 https://store.supermicro.com/16gb-ddr4-3200-mem-dr416l-cl06-er32.html If you install two of https://store.supermicro.com/16gb-ddr4-3200-mem-dr416l-cl06-er32.html you should be okay. 
Customer: thank you mark
Agent: You're welcome!
Customer: i am covered
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: you two Mark bye Dimitris Faliakis left the following comment: excellent Looking to order a system with 15 of these: 18TB 3.5" Exos X18 7200 RPM SATA3 6Gb/s 256MB Cache 512E/4Kn Hard Drive
Agent: Hi Brent The only systems that we carry that can support that quantity would be our SuperStorage ones, which would be the 45-bay or 60-bay options
Customer: Yes. It's a 60 bay storage unit
Agent: Ok got it, how can I help you with this?
Customer: I get a pop-up stating possible low inventor on the drives and to check for availability.
Agent: Oh I see, let me check on that. Please give me a moment
Customer: thx
Agent: There should be 15 available for the 18TB Exos. Is the pop-up complaining about another part?
Customer: No
Agent: Can you empty cart and try again?
Customer: will do.. thanks
Agent: By default, the lowest capacity drive is added so you may need to 0 that too
Customer: hi
Agent: Hi Max How may i help you today?
Customer: cpu supported by X11spa-t or tf?
Agent: are you looking for CPU that is validated in X11SPA-T?
Customer: ya
Agent: This motherboard supports 1st and 2nd gen intel scalable processor and Xeon W-32XX processor  Intel® Xeon® Gold 6138 Processor 20-Core 2.0GHz 27.5MB Cache (125W)---P4X-SKL6138-SR3B5
 Intel® Xeon® Gold 6130 Processor 16-Core 2.1GHz 22MB Cache (125W)---P4X-SKL6130-SR3B9
 Intel® Xeon® Gold 6126 Processor 12-Core 2.6GHz 19.25MB Cache (125W)---P4X-SKL6126-SR3B3
 Intel® Xeon® Gold 5118 Processor 12-Core 2.3GHz 16.5MB Cache (105W)---P4X-SKL5118-SR3GF
 Intel® Xeon® Silver 4116 Processor 12-Core 2.1GHz 16.5MB Cache (85W)---P4X-SKL4116-SR3HQ
 Intel® Xeon® Silver 4110 Processor 8-Core 2.1GHz 11MB Cache (85W)---P4X-SKL4110-SR3GH
 Intel® Xeon® Bronze 3106 Processor 8-Core 1.7GHz 11MB Cache (85W)---P4X-SKL3106-SR3GL
 Intel® Xeon® W-3275 1P 2.5GHz 38.5M Cache 28C/56T (205W)---P4X-CLXW3275-SRFFF
 Intel® Xeon® W-3275M 1P 2.5GHz 38.5M Cache 28C/56T (205W)---P4X-CLXW3275M-SRFFK
 Intel® Xeon® W-3265 1P 2.7GHz 33M Cache 24C/48T (205W)---P4X-CLXW3265-SRFFE
 Intel® Xeon® W-3265M 1P 2.7GHz 33M Cache 24C/48T (205W)---P4X-CLXW3265M-SRFFJ
 Intel® Xeon® W-3245 1P 3.2GHz 22M Cache 16C/32T (205W)---P4X-CLXW3245-SRFFD
 Intel® Xeon® W-3245M 1P 3.2GHz 22M Cache 16C/32T (205W)---P4X-CLXW3245M-SRFFH
 Intel® Xeon® W-3235 1P 3.3GHz 19.25M Cache 12C/24T (180W)---P4X-CLXW3235-SRFFC
 Intel® Xeon® W-3225 1P 3.7GHz 16.5M Cache 8C/16T (160W)---P4X-CLXW3225-SRFFB
 Intel® Xeon® W-3223 1P 3.5GHz 16.5M Cache 8C/16T (160W)---P4X-CLXW3223-SRFFG
 Intel® Xeon® Platinum 8280 Processor 28-Core 2.7GHz 38.5MB Cache (205W)---P4X-CLX8280-SRF9P
 Intel® Xeon® Platinum 8276 Processor 28-Core 2.2GHz 38.5MB Cache (165W)---P4X-CLX8276-SRF99
 Intel® Xeon® Platinum 8270 Processor 26-Core 2.7GHz 35.75MB Cache (205W)---P4X-CLX8270-SRF96
 Intel® Xeon® Platinum 8268 Processor 24-Core 2.9GHz 35.75MB Cache (205W)---P4X-CLX8268-SRF95
 Intel® Xeon® Platinum 8260 Processor 24-Core 2.4GHz 35.75MB Cache (165W)---P4X-CLX8260-SRF9H
 Intel® Xeon® Platinum 8256 Processor 4-Core 3.8GHz 16.5MB Cache (105W)---P4X-CLX8256-SRF94
 Intel® Xeon® Platinum 8253 Processor 16-Core 2.2GHz 22MB Cache (125W)---P4X-CLX8253-SRF93
 Intel® Xeon® Gold 6258R Processor 28-Core 2.7GHz 38.5MB Cache (205W)---P4X-CLX6258R-SRGZF
 Intel® Xeon® Gold 6254 Processor 18-Core 3.1GHz 24.75MB Cache (200W)---P4X-CLX6254-SRF92
 Intel® Xeon® Gold 6252 Processor 24-Core 2.1GHz 35.75MB Cache (150W)---P4X-CLX6252-SRF91
 Intel® Xeon® Gold 6248 Processor 20-Core 2.5GHz 27.5MB Cache (150W)---P4X-CLX6248-SRF90
 Intel® Xeon® Gold 6248R Processor 24-Core 3GHz 35.75MB Cache (205W)---P4X-CLX6248R-SRGZG
 Intel® Xeon® Gold 6246R Processor 16-Core 3.4GHz 35.75MB Cache (205W)---P4X-CLX6246R-SRGZL
 Intel® Xeon® Gold 6244 Processor 8-Core 3.6GHz 24.75MB Cache (150W)---P4X-CLX6244-SRF8Z
 Intel® Xeon® Gold 6242 Processor 16-Core 2.8GHz 22MB Cache (150W)---P4X-CLX6242-SRF8Y
 Intel® Xeon® Gold 6242R Processor 20-Core 3.1GHz 35.75MB Cache (205W)---P4X-CLX6242R-SRGZJ
 Intel® Xeon® Gold 6240 Processor 18-Core 2.6GHz 24.75MB Cache (150W)---P4X-CLX6240-SRF8X
 Intel® Xeon® Gold 6240R Processor 24-Core 2.4GHz 35.75MB Cache (165W)---P4X-CLX6240R-SRGZ8
 Intel® Xeon® Gold 6238R Processor 28-Core 2.2GHz 38.5MB Cache (165W)---P4X-CLX6238R-SRGZ9
 Intel® Xeon® Gold 6230 Processor 20-Core 2.1GHz 27.5MB Cache (125W)---P4X-CLX6230-SRF8W
 Intel® Xeon® Gold 6230R Processor 26-Core 2.1GHz 35.75MB Cache (150W)---P4X-CLX6230R-SRGZA
 Intel® Xeon® Gold 6226R Processor 16-Core 2.9GHz 22MB Cache (150W)---P4X-CLX6226R-SRGZC
 Intel® Xeon® Gold 6212U Processor 24-Core 2.4GHz 35.75MB Cache (165W)---P4X-CLX6212U-SRF9A
 Intel® Xeon® Gold 6210U Processor 20-Core 2.5GHz 27.5MB Cache (150W)---P4X-CLX6210U-SRF9B
 Intel® Xeon® Gold 6209U Processor 20-Core 2.1GHz 27.5MB Cache (125W)---P4X-CLX6209U-SRFQ3
 Intel® Xeon® Gold 6208U Processor 16-Core 2.9GHz 22MB Cache (150W)---P4X-CLX6208U-SRGZD
 Intel® Xeon® Gold 5222 Processor 4-Core 3.8GHz 16.5MB Cache (105W)---P4X-CLX5222-SRF8V
 Intel® Xeon® Gold 5220 Processor 18-Core 2.2GHz 24.75MB Cache (125W)---P4X-CLX5220-SRFBJ
 Intel® Xeon® Gold 5220R Processor 24-Core 2.2GHz 35.75MB Cache (150W)---P4X-CLX5220R-SRGZP
 Intel® Xeon® Gold 5218 Processor 16-Core 2.3GHz 22MB Cache (125W)---P4X-CLX5218-SRF8T
 Intel® Xeon® Gold 5218R Processor 20-Core 2.1GHz 27.5MB Cache (125W)---P4X-CLX5218R-SRGZ7
 Intel® Xeon® Gold 5217 Processor 8-Core 3.0GHz 11MB Cache (115W)---P4X-CLX5217-SRFBF
 Intel® Xeon® Gold 5215 Processor 10-Core 2.5GHz 13.75MB Cache (85W)---P4X-CLX5215-SRFBC
 Intel® Xeon® Silver 4216 Processor 16-Core 2.1GHz 22MB Cache (100W)---P4X-CLX4216-SRFBB
 Intel® Xeon® Silver 4215 Processor 8-Core 2.5GHz 11MB Cache (85W)---P4X-CLX4215-SRFBA
 Intel® Xeon® Silver 4215R Processor 8-Core 3.2GHz 11MB Cache (130W)---P4X-CLX4215R-SRGZE
 Intel® Xeon® Silver 4214 Processor 12-Core 2.2GHz 16.5MB Cache (85W)---P4X-CLX4214-SRFB9
 Intel® Xeon® Silver 4214R Processor 12-Core 2.4GHz 16.5MB Cache (100W)---P4X-CLX4214R-SRG1W
 Intel® Xeon® Silver 4210 Processor 10-Core 2.2GHz 13.75MB Cache (85W)---P4X-CLX4210-SRFBL
 Intel® Xeon® Silver 4210R Processor 10-Core 2.4GHz 13.75MB Cache (100W)---P4X-CLX4210R-SRG24
 Intel® Xeon® Silver 4208 Processor 8-Core 2.1GHz 11MB Cache (85W)---P4X-CLX4208-SRFBM
 Intel® Xeon® Bronze 3206R Processor 8-Core 1.9GHz 11MB Cache (85W)---P4X-CLX3206R-SRG25
 Intel® Xeon® Bronze 3204 Processor 6-Core 1.9GHz 8.25MB Cache (85W)---P4X-CLX3204-SRFBP That's all the processor that has been validated with X11SPA-T/TF
Customer: wow. 👍 do you have a distributor in Italy? we  are reseller
Agent: i would check our dist/reseller list here  https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy/ you can short by country region/country is there anything else I can help you with today?
Customer: no thanks
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Max left the following comment: super
Agent: Hi Colleen How can I help you today? 
Customer: hi liz looking for rails that will fit model #: 514-4 / Part #: SYS-1028R-WMRT
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: sure, thank you
Agent: You can use the MCP-290-00102-0N - outer rails and MCP-290-00108-0N - inner rail for this server But unfortunately, we don't carry these two rails on our eStore
Customer: how can i pruchase them then?
Agent: Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy  or our RMA department  if you need the replacement 
RMA department email address: rma@supermicro.com
RMA department phone #:  1-408-503-8000 option 3
 
Customer: ok thank you!
Agent: You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: no thats it thank you
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hi I want to use a standard ATX power supply in one of your 4U chassis. do you have an ATX adapter plate for sale?
Agent: Hi Tim How can I help you today? 
Customer: Hi I want to use a standard ATX power supply in one of your 4U chassis. do you have an ATX adapter plate for sale?
Agent: Unfortunately we don't carry that on our eStore. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.
https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy

Customer: ok, ty and gb
Agent: Hi Juan, how can I help you?
Customer: I've been trying to place an order and keep getting errors...
Agent: What errors are you seeing?
Customer: "Sorry, no quotes are available for this order at this time"
Agent: May I ask where you are trying to ship to? What's the delivery address?
Customer: That's for shipping to Florida 1462 Compass Ct

Kissimmee FL 34744
Agent: Thank you, let me check Do you have the 9-digit zip code by chance?
Customer: 34744-6609
Agent: Ok thanks, please give me a moment while I check Ok I was able to get to the billing address/payment section Please try entering everything manually without the auto-completion from your browser and do not use the recommended address they provide I entered as this: 

1462 Compass Ct
Kissimmee FL 34744-6609
Customer: OK...
Agent: I tested on Google Chrome btw
Customer: OK, now I'm moving forward...
Agent: Ok so it gave you a shipping quote?
Customer: Yes..
Agent: Ok great
Customer: Now I got error on payment!
Agent: What issue are you seeing now?
 
Customer: Don't see a pay button
Agent: Did you enter a credit card?
Customer: Don't see a credit card fill form I'm stuck on "review & payments"
Agent: So when you chose your shipping method and hit next, what do you see?
Customer: I notice I have to refresh the page every time...
Agent: Weird, what browser are you using? So you're able to see it now?
Customer: Firefox... now I se the CC page..
Agent: Ok that's good
Customer: i'll complete the order and come back if any issues arise
Agent: Sure sounds good Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Not for now, thanks
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Mike
Customer: hello
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry any chassis on our eStore. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy 
Customer: thanks. I cannot find one anywhere.
Agent: I see. You can try contact with our sales team at Sales-USA@supermicro.com Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: Ok thanks. That's it.
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: u2
Agent: Hi Bradee How can I help you today? 
Customer: Hello! What is the lead time for MCP-410-00006-0N?
Agent: Please give me amount to check.  How many are you interested in purchasing?
Customer: just one
Agent: I am going to submit a inventory transfer for MCP-410-00006-0N. Is it okay if i can email you back at bradee@nascosales.com once i get a updated?
Customer: Sure! Thanks Mark!
Agent: You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: That's all. Have a nice day!
Agent: #god It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello Hi, I was looking for a threadripper pro workstation but i can find them on your website anymore
Agent: Hi Joe It should be available, but let me check Yeah it's still in stock: https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-threadripper-performance-workstation-as-5014a-tt.html You may need to log into your eStore account first to view it if you can't see it
Customer: the link just brings me to an email page. I filled it out but i still cant see specs
Agent: I believe you may have had an older account for joe@ntechassoc.com. I can provide access to the gmail one if you'd like
Customer: the ntechassoc is fine
Agent: Just log into that account. If you don't remember your password, you can reset. 
Customer: got it. Thanks!
Agent: you're welcome!
Customer: Hello,
Agent: Hi Joe
Customer: I was wondering if the AS -5014A-TT
workstation has a rack rail kit option
Agent: Please give me amount to check. 
Customer: also if it was possible to get a smaller CPU, like the 156 core 16 not 156
Agent: There is Optional rail kit which is MCP-290-00057-0N https://store.supermicro.com/4u-5u-rail-kit-mcp-290-00057-0n.html but you would  also need Rail Conversion Kit for rack mount MCP-290-GS706-0N which we don't carry.   For 16 we are still checking internally if there is availability for this. How many system are you interested in purchasing?
Customer: I would need 2 servers not immediately i would have to check on the timeline
Agent: If you purchasethe complete system with us we actually have the rail kits available MCP-290-00057-0N & MCP-290-GS706-0N  Is possible to get your configuration for these systems?
Customer: great. Yes, should i email it or put into this thread?
Agent: You can put it in this chat, either way. 
Customer: (2) Servers with following: Mark transferred the chat to Liz
Agent: Hi Joe, I will take over the chat for Mark. I will continue to help you on this chat
Customer: Thanks
Agent: You can give me your configuration for the 2 servers
Customer: Threadripper Pro 3955WX,
CPU Cooler,
64GB ECC RAM (8x8),
1TB M.2 OS Drive
4TB M.2 Storage
18TB 7200 HDD Storage
GPU- NVIDIA A4000 or A4500
Rackmount kit
Agent: May I confirm this is the spec for both servers?
Customer: Yes, let me know if i missed something oh. and window10 pro
Agent: May I confirm that your configuration is:
1x Threadripper Pro 3955WX
8x 8GB DDR4 DIMMs
1 x 1TB M.2 OS Drive
1x 4TB M.2 Storage
1 x18TB 7200 HDD Storage
1x GPU- NVIDIA A4500 since we out of A4000 GPU
and 1x rail kits
1x Window10 pro
Is this correct?
Customer: This is correct
Agent: Thank you for your confirm! May I know when do you plans on ordering this system? (in case we will check on the inventory for your requirement)
Customer: The order will likely be placed within 6-8 weeks. Perhaps sooner
Agent: Thank you for letting me know your plan. I will recommend you to check back with us for this system when you are ready to order since we cannot save the inventory for a long time
Customer: if we need to place an order to hold a place in line let me know what the time frame is i would also need a quote
Agent: Unfortunately, we cannot hold the stock for you. I can send the quote of your configuration to your email Is the email JOE@NTECHASSOC.COM best to reach you?
Customer: great. Yes, is there also a line item for warranty?
Agent: Our regular warranty for eStore servers is 3 year labor, 3 year parts, 1 year cross shipment. Do you ask for the extended warranty?
Customer: 3 years should be fine, thanks
Agent: You're welcome.  Last but not least, can I confirm if you are fine to pay by credit cards or ACH transfer (which take longer)
Customer: Yes
Agent: Thank you! I will email you back with the price for your configuration soon. Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: Awesome, thanks! Thats all i need. Take care.
Agent: Thank you! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Soran How can I help you today? 
Customer: hi mark will i have clint asking fro storage with 45bay im company based in iraq
Agent: Are you trying to find system with a 45 bay?
Customer: yes they want to have a backup for OS system and also they will use raid 5 64 gb Ram each slot 18 TB
Agent: I do want mentioned that our eStore only ships within United States. 
Customer: its not issue i have adress in usa so ucan send to there i will take care of it
Agent: Okay let me see what he have available.  what we*
Customer: ok
Agent: Do you have an account with us?
Customer: no sir
Agent: Please create an account on the link below. After creating your account please give me the email used so we can enable you to see our systems. please let us know if you need any assistance
https://store.supermicro.com/customer/account/create/
 also if you order with us, well you be using CC with U.S billing address?
Customer: Something went wrong with reCAPTCHA. Please contact the store owner.
Agent: Can you show me screenshot of the error.  Please give me amount, while look into this can you confirm with me that you'll be purchasing this system with a credit card that has a valid U.S address?
Customer: yes i can purchase in usa cridt card can u tell me what will be the cost ?
Agent: I would find a server with your specs and make a quote for you. Please bear with me while i look into the reCAPTCHA alert. 
Customer: ok
Agent: Are you using the email soran@bradosti.net?
Customer: yes sir
Agent: Can you try to a different browser and try to make the account again?
Customer: ok sir will try
Agent: If you still get the same alert, please try Ctrl-F5 and retry to make the account.  
Customer: i think done
Agent: Okay give me a second to enable your account. 
Customer: its ready im in my account now
Agent: Can you see these systems https://store.supermicro.com/systems/superstorage.html? We have two system that fit your specs. SSG-6049P-E1CR45H https://store.supermicro.com/4u-superstorage-ssg-6049p-e1cr45h.html and SSG-6049P-E1CR60H https://store.supermicro.com/4u-superstorage-ssg-6049p-e1cr60h.html
Customer: 	
yes i see
Agent: any of these two you prefer? 
Customer: let me check
Agent: of course take your time. 
Customer: for this server 45 bay its server storage "? i mean i can install os on it also ? or i should conect with another server ?
Agent: You can install OS. There is an option between Add on Cards and Keyboard If you order from and would like OS we preinstall it for you.  Do you know what cpu you would like?
Customer: what is this ? Intel® Xeon® Gold 6226R Processor 16-Core 2.90 GHz 22MB Cache (150W)
Agent: Thank you. is the screenshot you provided for SSG-6049P-E1CR45H?
Customer: Supermicro 4U SuperStorage Server (SSG-6049P-E1CR45H)
Agent: That right there is let us know about if you want onboard RAID
Customer: i want to use raid 6 for the storage
Agent: okay we can do that for you.  you need at least two memory, do you want to do 2x32GB?
Customer: yes sir
Agent: Please bear with me for few minutes while i work on configuration for you.  This might take awhile it is okay if i can email you back at soran@bradosti.net when i have quote and configuration? When do you plan on purchasing?
Customer: first i have to share with my clint once he approve it will purchase it dirctly
Agent: okay. I'll work on the quote and be contact with you soon. 
Customer: thanks alot
Agent: You're welcome! ill be in contact with you soon.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Naresh How can I help you today? 
Customer: I am looking for a replacement for :  Supermicro 720W 1U Redundant Power Supply (PWS-721P-1R)
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  The replacement is PWS-802A-1R. https://store.supermicro.com/800-1u-pws-802a-1r.html
Customer: how can i find that in the future
Agent: You always can check with us through live chat or email: estore-support@supermicro.com 
Customer: thanks
Agent: You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: no thanks
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Nhon. How can I help you today? 
Customer: i try buy purchase license on estore, but i try to create user and password but won't work
Agent: Can you provide a screenshot of the error you are getting?
Customer: Something went wrong with reCAPTCHA. Please contact the store owner.
Agent: Can you try Ctrl-F5 and then make a new account. If this doesn't work can you try on a new browser? Did that work?
Customer: yes, it works now thanks
Agent: Awesome! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: i am good for now.
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hi Kyle, I'm unable to register a new account, and I don't have the option of checking out as a guest account
Agent: Hi Chris What issue are you running into? in terms of error
Customer: I'm having an issue with the account registration CAPTCHA it says to contact the owner of the store "Something went wrong with reCAPTCHA.  Please contact the store owner"
Agent: Ok please give me a moment while I check internally Can you try using a new browser or go into incognito/private mode?
Customer: Ok, I was previously on Google Chrome, but I will try on Microsoft Edge
Agent: Ok sounds good. Let me know if you have more issues with it
Customer: Ok, it looks like I was able to make the account and get confirmed. Thank you very much
Agent: That's great and you're welcome! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: No, that's all.
Thanks for all your help!
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Matthew How can I help you today? 
Customer: Is it possible to order a replacement chassis cover for the CSe-819u
Agent: You would have to contact our RMA for this, RMA department email address: rma@supermicro.com
RMA department phone #: 1-408-503-8000 option 3

Customer: Will do. Thanks mark
Agent: You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: No thank you
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: you too Hi
Agent: Hi Mathew How can I help you today? 
Customer: I want to make the online Portal with you and i trying 2 times but the account didnt mae
Agent: Do you mean create an account with us?
Customer: made Yes
Agent: What is the issue please? I meant what is the alert? 
Customer: Something went wrong with reCAPTCHA. Please contact the store owner.
Agent: Thank you for the information. 
Customer: If i provide you the Info can you please make us the account
Agent: Can you please try hard refresh (Crtl +F5) end try to create account again If it still doesn't work, can you please try on other browsers?
Customer: sure Still not working
Agent: even on different browser?
Customer: No im trying now in different browser as well let me check wait for a moment plz
Agent: Maybe please try incognito mode also Can you create your account successfully? 
Customer: Nope i try an other browser as well still issue the same Now im trying in incognito mode as well! Pray for me
Agent: Good luck 🙏
Customer: Still the issue is same
Agent: 😞 We are trying to disable the capcha Can you please try again? Capcha is disabled Please let me know if it works or not Please refresh the page and create account again I'm sorry for this inconvenience. It's a cached issue 
Customer: Yes thanks all set
Agent: Awesome! Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: I need the stock feed as well and sales rep
Agent: May I know which product you are looking for?
Customer: Im the reseller and im in E-Commerce field so kindly provide us the feed for New/Eol/Ref parts All the products that you listed
Agent: I would recommend you contact with our Sales team at Sales-USA@supermicro.com. They can help you with this request.
Customer: ok and sales rep would be assigned as well! Right?
Agent: yes, you can email them and request for that Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: No thats it! Thanks alot for the assistance :) really appreciate that
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Chris, how can I help you?
Customer: Hey I am looking to replace an hdd HUS726040AL5210 what can you reccomend?
Agent: Are you looking to replace it with the same model?
Customer: It looks like this model is eol?
Agent: I'm checking Oh yeah it is, and it doesn't look like there is a direct replacement Checking for something similar Is it for a Supermicro server?
Customer: Yes, its rebranded so I can get board serial but not the chasis
Agent: Ok do you the model# or serial#?
Customer: Board Manufacturer: Supermicro
Board Product Name: X10DRH-iT
Board Serial Num: NM15AS006235
Agent: Thanks This motherboard does not list HDD-A4TB-HUS726040AL5210 as a compatible option since its a SAS drive.  But I assume it worked within the system itself I'm not finding any suitable replacement for this hard drive available unfortunately. 
Customer: Yes, thats correct, actually now that you mention it I think I have seen this before and we may have used HDD-3A04T-1EECR I remebered after you mentioned SAS
Agent: Oh I see, let me check on this other part Oh that part is also SAS, but I did find the part https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-hgst-4tb-3-5-7200rpm-sas3-12gb-s-256m-internal-hard-drive-hdd-a4tb-hus726t4tal5204.html
Customer: Yeah its alright I am sure we used it in a different system as a replacement but it appears to be out of stock at the moment
Agent: This may be in stock actually Give me a moment This is actually taking some time. I can email you back if this is available, hopefully soon.  how many were you looking for? Also, is that the correct hard drive that you see?
Customer: At this time only 1 however we may order more as I have seen this disk a couple times after digging. Yes that is the correct hard drive to replace the older model.
Agent: Ok HGST model# HUS726T4TAL5204 Yeah we may have more, just waiting on inventory I'll email you back once it is available Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Nope that will be fine thanks
Agent: Actually it may be ready soon Give me a few more min
Customer: Okay 👍
Agent: Thanks for waiting. It should be available now, please refreshing this page or opening on a new tab https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-hgst-4tb-3-5-7200rpm-sas3-12gb-s-256m-internal-hard-drive-hdd-a4tb-hus726t4tal5204.html May need to open in incognito mode 
Customer: Hasnt quite updated yet I will keep refreshing every so often though
Agent: It's a weird caching issue sometimes
Customer: Ope there it is
Agent: Ok great
Customer: Thanks Kyle I appreciate it!
Agent: You're welcome, no problem!  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: No thank you
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Chris left the following comment: Kyle was very helpful in getting the product I wanted.
Agent: Hi Bruno
Customer: Hi Liz I made an order 2 days ago and was charged sales tax Can you update my account and refund the tax?
Agent: We do accept tax-exempt, but it would be applied after the purchase not during the time of purchase.

In order to apply for tax exemption, you would need to provide valid certificate, which you can send to eStore-support@supermicro.com along with your order number.

Your tax-exempt request will be processed after we have verified that the certificate is valid. 
It usually takes up to 10 business days for the tax amount to return back to your original form of payment.
  Before submitting a request, please review the tax exempt guide carefully.  Incomplete or incorrect submissions will be rejected.
https://store.supermicro.com/tax-exemption-guide
 
Customer: ok, thanks, I will submit it soon. HI
Agent: Hi Tamer
Customer: I just created  an account
Agent: Oh ok, how can I help you?
Customer: but I am trying to update my default shipping address I can not set it to Canada. There is only the US
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, our Supermicro eStore currently only ships within the United States. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy 
Customer: Ok . Thx
Agent: Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: no Thx
Agent: Hi Alex How can I help you today? 
Customer: Hi, I am trying to buy some products but I have problem at the check out it gives me an error msg
Agent: Can you please select the region/ state and try again
Customer: ok
Agent: I saw the message on my end shows you missing the region field
Customer: i just fixed it but...
Agent: Can you please provide a screen shot?
Customer: not letting me paste a pic
Agent: Please save it to your device and attached to the chat
Customer: i am trying to start over..
Agent: Please let me know if you got the same issue
Customer: i see a different address on top the zipcode is incorrect and the shipping address on the bottom is correct,
Agent: May I know your shipping and billing address?
Customer: 14631 S.W. 150 ST.  MIAMI, FL 33186-5645 Can you please fix it on your end to match both addresses?
Agent: Thank you! Please give me a moment while I check on my end to see if I get the same problem 
Customer: Thank you
Agent: Is that show like this on your end?
Customer: that is the correct address I see that on the shipping address on the bottom but on top it has a different zip code
Agent: Did you insert the all 9 digit zip code?
Customer: I tried to edit, but it will not let me edit... I don I don't understand.. not sure if you could see that
Agent: Can you please go to my account and edit it at manage your address? 
https://store.supermicro.com/customer/account/ Yes, I can see the it
Customer: OK just changed it so now should i start all over again?
Agent: ok. If it shows the same as the picture I sent you above. Can you please try to make purchase again?
Customer: I just switched the ship to address and now your system is thinking.. Internal Error. Details are available in Magento log file. Report ID: webapi-6257074b4aaa9
Agent: oh.. Please give me a moment while I check with our web development team
Customer: Thank you
Agent: I'm sorry if this issue cause any inconvenience. Our webteam is checking on this issue.
Customer: Can I place the order over the phone to make it a bit quicker?
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we don't have will call. 
Customer: ok
Agent: Please give us a moment to fix on this issue
Customer: yes, thanks
Agent: Can you please try again? The issue should be resolved.
Customer: ok done!!!
Agent: Awesome!
Customer: ok perfect thank you so much, now just ship the product whenever possible.. thanks
Agent: You're welcome.  It should be shipped by the end of today
Customer: very good thank you,
Agent: You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: bye bye👍
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: that is thanks Hi
Agent: Hi Shuba
Customer: MBD-X10QBL-4 do you have this mother bord in stock?
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry any motherboard on our eStore currently. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.
https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy 
Customer: what kind of product available on this website/
Agent: we have complete system and all components within the system I meant some components such as HDDs, memory, fan, cables, ect. Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: only supermicro products or any other brand?
Agent: only Supermicro products Can I help you with anything else?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Rick
Customer: Hi Liz!
Agent: How can I help you today? 
Customer: Im looking for info on your storage servers. lareg capacity top load, it will be used for NAS storage
Agent: May I know how many drive bay are you looking for?
Customer: 60  or more
Agent: So we currently carry the super storage 60 bay. You can check it here https://store.supermicro.com/4u-superstorage-ssg-6049p-e1cr60h.html Do you have the configuration in mind yet?
Customer: not yet, We have anunch of 7200 RPM storage needs, but I woudl also like to pt some SSD storage in there as well. Im looing for 4-6 units loaded up with drives
Agent: I see. Yes, you can play around with our configurator to check for the price and options Please let me know if you need assistance May I know do your plan to order  with our eStore soon?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  Please let us know if you have any trouble for inventory when adding to the cart. We can update the inventory for you.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Guillaume
Customer: Hi Tim I'm trying to find wich drive tray i need for this server, for 2.5" ssd
Agent: https://store.supermicro.com/mcp-220-00043-0n-1482.html MCP-220-00043-0N is the drive tray you need for a 2.5 SSds for SYS-5019S-MT
Customer: Great, thank you
Agent: You also can use this as well which is a tool-less version https://store.supermicro.com/mcp-220-00118-0b.html/?utm=LF
Customer: Perfect, thanks
Agent: is there anything else I can help you with today?
Customer: Nop all god, thanks
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Chat is idle due to 10 minutes of inactivity I registered for a login but never received a confirmation email
Agent: Hi Jim Did you check your spam/junk inbox yet?
Customer: yes
Agent: I already resent the confirmation link to the email jstjames@hitech.net Can you please check again? Hi Brian, how can I help you?
Customer: Hello, i recently purchased that motherboard from an authorized seller.  Unfortunately it did not come with any of the parts that it says on the site. mainly the ATX powersignal cable
Agent: I see. Which parts did you need?
Customer: i believe thats needed to tell the power supply to turn on, is that right? CBL-PWEX-1063
Agent: Oh I see, let me check We do have it in stock, must be a new part for us: https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-4-pin-to-atx-6cm-power-converter-cable-cbl-pwex-1063.html
Customer: ah ok, is that something i need to order? shouldnt it have come with the purchase?
Agent: It is required to be able to support at 24-pin ATX power connector . *a 24-pin ATX power connector 
Customer: understood
Agent: Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: is that something you can send to me? being that i did not recieve it in the box?
Agent: We cannot unfortunately. You may have to ask the vendor you purchased this from or check with our RMA team at rma@supermicro.com  they might be able to send you on one did the other cables come too? or I/O shield not used?
Customer: nothing came with the mother board.  Just the board itself not used, it's "New"
Agent: That's odd, it should have came with those.  Yeah I would check with the reseller or RMA team first before having to purchase through us. If you bought the motherboard directly from Supermicro sales, then you can contact them 
Customer: does the RMA team have a chat feature as well?
Agent: They only have email or phone support at 408-503-8000 (ext. 4 or ext. 8080)
Customer: ah ok, thank you
Agent: you're welcome Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: that is all, thanks again
Agent: Np! Hope you get it resolved! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: WHY IN ONLY SEE 64 CORE AVAIABLE CUSTOMER needs 16 core
Agent: Hi Vivian We only currently have 64 core as the 16 core and 32 core are out of stock unfortunately
Customer: I see
Agent: Not sure on ETA either, lots of request for those Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: no thanks we are good
Agent: Sounds good. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Boris
Customer: Hello Liz, I need to place an order for the following item but I was advised to either email or start a chat the items is MCP-220-00158-0B gen 6.5 and I need 8 of them
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: ok brb
Agent: I will need request the stock transfer. I might take several hours or probably tomorrow to complete. Can I email you back via boris@alliedens.com when the stock is ready?
Customer: ok, I'm back, sorry had to get my charger for my laptop
Agent: No worries. 
Customer: that will be fine
Agent: Thank you! I will email you as soon as the stock is ready
Customer: If you could, can you please transfer 16 as I have a potential to purchase 16 of them. I'm just waiting for a customer confirmation. Thank you again. I also have a question regarding another item. Let me pull up the sku
Agent: Sure!  You're welcome.  Take your time!
Customer: it is CSE-733TQ-668B and I would need 2 of these
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry any chassis on our eStore. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.
https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy 
Customer: Ok, not a problem and thank you.
Agent: You're welcome. 
Customer: Will wait for your email and have a nice day.
Agent: Hi Ed, how can I help you? We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: I am looking for a SATA 15 pin power cable that brings out pin 11 separate from all the other pins.
Agent: Hi Ed, let me check if we have a cable like that What would be the function or use of this cable? Is it for a front panel split?
Customer: No.  Pin 11 has a device activity signal on it.  I want to use it to power an LED whenever the HD is active.  Most of the cables tie pin 11 to 10 and 12.
Agent: Oh I see The only 15pin power cable we carry is CBL-0322L: https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-15cm-4-pin-peripheral-connector-to-15-pin-sata-power-with-latch-extension-cable-cbl-0322l.html or CBL-0080L: https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-15cm-4-pin-peripheral-connector-to-15-pin-sata-power-extension-cable-cbl-0080l.html Not sure if that's what you are looking for
Customer: I don't think either of those do it.  Thanks for looking.
Agent: Ahh yeah sorry about that. Wish we did to save you the trouble of looking for one.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: No.  That's it for now.  Thanks.
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: bye
Agent: Hi Len How can I help you today? 
Customer: I have a E300-94-8CN8TP server that went bad some of the onboard Lan ports are not work Error that are in the log in BIOS

SMBIOS 0X09 BUSES DEVFN2E
SMBIOS 0X08 N/A
EFI 0306000A MINOR
SMBIOS 0X16 N/A
Agent: Do you mean the E300-9D-8CN8TP server?
Customer: super server  yes
Agent: I see. For the BIOS issue, I think it would be best if you checked with our technical support team regarding this problem:

Tech Support: Support@Supermicro.com
Tel: +1-408-503-8000 
Customer: I did did not get a responce from them
Agent: Did you call the number with ext. 2?
Customer: no just email
Agent: I see. I would recommend you to call for quick response
Customer: ok will do thanks
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: no thank you and have a great day
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Carlos
Customer: i see it now when i first logged in, i could not find the link expected 4/17
Agent: Oh I see
Customer: thank you liz
Agent: No Problem. I'm not really help you anything yet 😄
 Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: that was all thanks
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Hung How can I help you today? 
Customer: Hi Liz. Good Morning
Agent: Good morning!
Customer: I'd like to see if you have PWS-1K23A-1R in inventory currently.
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: Yes. Thanks
Agent: How many do you want, please? I would have to check internally to see if we can support
Customer: Around 20 units
Agent: I don't think we can support that much though
Customer: I'll buy what you have.
Agent: Sound good! Can I email you back via s910372@hotmail.com as soon as I have the update?
Customer: Yes. I'll await your info. Thank you Liz🙂
Agent: You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? I am trying to place an order for Supermicro (Samsung) 64GB 288-Pin DDR4 3200 (PC4-25600) Server Memory (MEM-DR464MC-ER32) qty 12 and I am wondering if I can get a quote? also, can you please verify your billing address?
Agent: May I confirm if this is the memory you are looking for ? https://store.supermicro.com/64gb-ddr4-3200-mem-dr464l-sl01-er32.html?queryID=9a934523a897af58bbaf869841930456&objectID=2384&indexName=supermicro_default_products
Customer: I think I found an account for Supermicro in our purchasing system and I just want to make sure that it's the correct account.  I am from University of Washington
Agent: Do you have a Supermicro direct account ?
Customer: Yes that is correct and I do not have an account but University of Washington might Here is the address that we have for Supermicro: SUPERMICRO INC
980 ROCK AVENUE
SAN JOSE, CA 95131
Agent: That's our address. Correct
Customer: ok I can order through our procurement system but I will need a quote please and also the email address to send the PO
Agent: I am sorry we can provide a quote but we only accepts credit card payments, not PO
Customer: ok thank you
Agent: For you to get a quote, please fill out your info through this link https://store.supermicro.com/quote#MEM-DR464L-SL01-ER32
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hi Kyle!  I was wondering if you could let me know if you have 4 of PSU PWS-860P-1R2 available?
Agent: Hi Chris, let me check for you
Customer: Thank you!
Agent: Looks like we only have 1 pc available, but can try requesting for 3 more. It may take several hours so you might get an email much later today or the transfer does not complete till Monday. 

We can email you once they are available. 
Customer: a follow up email sounds awesome.  Thank you, Kyle!
Agent: You're welcome Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: nope, that was it
Agent: Ok sounds good. It was nice talking to you. Have a great weekend, goodbye! 
Customer: Thank you, and you too! Chris Morales left the following comment: timely response and great service Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Bruce!
Customer: STATUS ON ORDER #1000023475 CHATTEED WITH SOMEONE EARLEIR, TEHY WERE GOING TO CHECK AND GET BACK TO ME AND i HAVE NOT HEARD ANYTHING
Agent: Yes, I was the agent chatted with you. We are looking into this issue internally and our shipping carrier. I will try my best to email you back as soon as I have the answer from them.
Customer: DID IT SHIP OR NOT
Agent: on my end, it shows shipped, but I'm checking with shipping department at this time.
Customer: THIS IS PRETTY SIMPLE STUFF. WHY DOES IT TAKE YOUR SHIPPING DEPT SO LONG TO FIGURE THAT OUT
Agent: I'm so sorry for this inconvenience. I'm reaching out to shipping department and they still searching for the issue
Customer: WHEN CAN I EXPECT AN ANSWER?
Agent: Hopefully by the end of today. I will try my best. I apologize for this issue. Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: NO Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Dieter !
Customer: Hi Joe ...I'm Rep with P1 Technologies, a reseller in SoCal, looking for a partner quote.  My former contact has moved on.
Agent: What items are you looking to purchase ?
Customer: 5x 2U servers
Agent: We do have server configurator ready. Do you want to check  it out on the eStore and print your quote after configurating your own servers?
Customer: Will that get me a partner transfer quote?
Agent: Can you explain a bit what partner transfer quote is ?
Customer: A wholesale quote to a reseller, for retail uplift to an end user.
Agent: We sell servers on our eStore and have super quick turnaround time, also we do have  competitive price for servers Do you want to create an eStore account and we can go from there? https://store.supermicro.com/customer/account/create/
Customer: Ok, I'll do a config to get started.  Do I need to create an account to use the configurator?
Agent: Yes, please https://store.supermicro.com/customer/account/create/ After you create an account please verify your account through your email Then please let me know your account email address
Customer: Ok, I just figured out I can get supermicro configs & quotes thru our distributor Tech Data.  Let me try that.  Sorry for the trouble!
Agent: I see. Sure. Please come back if you want to purchase server directly through Supermicro. Just so you know  We can ship servers out within 2-4 business days Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: OK, thanks!!
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Start the chat
Agent: Hi Dan! 
Customer: Hello.  Possible to cancel Order # 1000023582 I needed MCP-220-00092-0B and accidentally ordered the MCP-220-00075-0B becuase of a google link
Agent: I see
Customer: I just placed it a few minutes ago
Agent: To cancel your order, please log into your account and go to "My Account" and then click on "My Orders". From there, you should be able to cancel your order 
Customer: Thanks.  Just did.
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Start the chat
Agent: Hi Priscilla! 
Customer: Hi Joe! How are you today?
Agent: I am good. How are you doing ?
Customer: I'm doing good as well, thank you. I would like to place an order for the item MCP-220-00118-0B (Qty: 2). At checkout, I am currently experiencing difficulty processing the order. On the bank activity, it says the order is "on hold"
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: Thank you very much
Agent: May I know which step you are in during check out ? I found the reason for it:  The transaction has been declined because of an AVS mismatch. The address provided does not match billing address of cardholder. 
Customer: Oh okay, I just entered the billing information for the payment method used. I am currently entering the payment information.
Agent: I see I see your new order!
Customer: Hi Joe, thank you! The order has successfully been placed. I appreciate the help and wish you a wonderful day and week ahead!
Agent: You're welcome.  Glad it worked out ! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Thank you!
Agent: 🙂

Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hi Joe, my apologies! I accidentally purchased 4 of the same item. I only needed 2.
Agent: I see.  Please cancel the order and reorder.  To cancel your order, please log into your account and go to "My Account" and then click on "My Orders". From there, you should be able to cancel your order 
Customer: Thank you so much, I appreciate it.
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Start the chat hi
Agent: Hello
Customer: i have a sys-5018R-M
Agent: Ah I see, how can I help you with this system?
Customer: i have 4 disks and total storage combined is 15.56 TB i need more storage is it possible to add more drives or to replace them with a bigger memory ?
Agent: You can only install 4 hard drives drives in this system so you'd have to replace them with larger capacity hard drives.  I assume they are all 4TB?
Customer: so wat is the largest ?
Agent: The largest supported drives are 18TB
Customer: what is the largest the system can accept ?
Agent: https://www.supermicro.com/en/support/resources/hdd/systemhdd?ProductID=84129&ctrl=74 you can reference this link
Customer: thank you they are all hdd do you have ssd as well
Agent: click on the 2.5 non-HDD section largest SSDs supported are 7.68TB  We don't carry any on the eStore so you'll have to check with our resellers/distributors for availability: https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy
Customer: thank you so much for your help
Agent: You're welcome Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: no thanks👍
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Ralph
Customer: I can not log in
Agent: Do you mean you cannot log in to your eStore account?
Customer: YES
Agent: Can you please try again with this link? If you still cannot log in, can you please send me the screenshot of the error message?
Customer: I Do Not Chat.
Agent: https://store.supermicro.com/customer/account/login/referer/aHR0cHM6Ly9zdG9yZS5zdXBlcm1pY3JvLmNvbS8_dXRtPWhlYWRlcg%2C%2C/
I'm sorry this is the link
Customer: This works THank you
Agent: Great! No problem.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: (KY) Worked 7 hours Fri. ? I need a configurator.
Agent: Yes, Kyle worked 7hrs on Friday. Do you receive the email with the pre-config link from Kyle last Friday? https://store.supermicro.com/full-tower-sys-740a-t-pre-config.html  here is the link
Customer: Yes he wasted my day.
Agent: I'm sorry to hear that. May I know what configuration do you want?
Customer: I need a complete list of CPUs for a good start.
Agent: You can check the CPUs list for the SYS-740A-T on our configurator https://store.supermicro.com/sys-740a-t.html?queryID=0bf01b62d385fe61e63e70998941580f&objectID=2833&indexName=supermicro_default_products I was checking through your email and KY and I see you wanted Intel Xeon 5317 Do you still want that CPU?
Customer: Can find my list yet
Agent: Do you mean you cannot see the CPU list on our configurator?
Customer: my list near me
Agent: I'm sorry I quite don't understand. What list are you looking for?
Customer: I lost my CPU list
Agent: I see. You can check on our configurator for the CPUs options 
https://store.supermicro.com/sys-740a-t.html?queryID=0bf01b62d385fe61e63e70998941580f&objectID=2833&indexName=supermicro_default_products
Customer: it does not work!
Agent: Do you mean the link does not work or CPUs? If the link does not work, can you please try log in  https://store.supermicro.com/sys-740a-t.html?queryID=0bf01b62d385fe61e63e70998941580f&objectID=2833&indexName=supermicro_default_products
Customer: I did just an all prices are much higher.
Agent: I see. How about the CPUs of the pre-config link Kyle sent you last Friday? 
Customer: He went backwards sorry.
Agent: Is the Intel Xeon 5317 is the CPU you want?
Customer: @25 emails with KY stop this chat
Agent: I can help with you on the SYS-740A-T configuration. Do you will want the  Intel Xeon 5317?
Customer: I lost my CPU list
Agent: Here are the ones that we have on the eStore and if you want something else, please let us know
Customer: Sorry no thanks. I might be able to use Intel Xeon 5317.
Agent: Great! May I know what are requirement for memory, drives, etc.?
Customer: Not by typing only config!!!
Agent: I'm sorry. With the  Intel Xeon 5317, we have to do pre-configuration from our end. You can check on our configurator link for the memory and drive lists and let me know which one do you want. I can create a link with all requirement for you to purchase.
https://store.supermicro.com/sys-740a-t.html?queryID=0bf01b62d385fe61e63e70998941580f&objectID=2833&indexName=supermicro_default_products

Customer: What is my price for 5317
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  The price for Intel Xeon 5317 is $1106
Customer: The system allows the option of 1 or 2 CPUs This will affect memory choice.
Agent: I'm sorry, this system is required at least 2 CPUs for the configuration.
Customer: Suppermirco allows it however! Intel allows it however! Can I start with anem or old  config?
Agent: I'm sorry, I don't have 1CPUs options for the SYS-740A-T on my end.
Customer: Can I start with a new or old config?
Agent: Sure. Please let me know what are your requirement?
Customer: Same SYS that I worked with KY and Liz.
Agent: https://store.supermicro.com/full-tower-sys-740a-t-pre-config.html is this configuration works for you?
Customer: KY went on his owen for 1.5 hrs. this cost me 3.5 days so far!!
Agent: I'm sorry. Can you please ignore the previous picture Is this the configuration you want for the  SYS-740A-T? 
Customer: It is not complete.
Agent: May I know what else do you require? I saw your newest email said you already have the GPU. Therefore, I take out the GPUs on this configuration. Please let me know which one you would like to add on this configuration.
Customer: This is all about SYS_740A-T on last Friday. 1- Supermicro SuperWorkstation 740A-T - 4U/Tower - 8x NVMe/SATA/SAS - Dual 1-Gigabit Ethernet - 1200W (1+1) Redundant
2- Intel® Xeon® Gold 5317 Processor 12-Core 3.0GHz 18MB Cache (150W)
8-16GB PC4-25600 3200MHz DDR4 ECC RDIMM or more?
2-128GB Intel® Optane™ Persistent Memory Module 200 Series (PMem)
2- 800GB Micron 7300 MAX Series M.2 PCIe 3.0 x4 NVMe Solid State Drive
2- 800GB Kioxia CD6-V Series U.3 PCIe 4.0 x4 NVMe Solid State Drive (SIE)
    I purchased in late November one RTX A5000 GPU sorry!
1- Broadcom MegaRAID 9560-8i SAS3/SATA/NVMe 8-Port RAID Controller - 4GB Cache - PCIe 4.0 x8
1- Supermicro AOM-TPM 2.0 - ????V-S
   I would like to use my like to use my legal OS, Win 10 Pro for Workstations, if possible?
Agent: I'm sorry we don't have Intel® Optane™ Persistent Memory Module 200 Series.
Customer: Quote without please.
Agent: I will. We also don't have the 800GB Kioxia CD6-V Series options, I'm sorry. We have the closest one is  1.92TB CD6-R
Customer: Quote without please.
Agent: I'm sorry 960GB CD6-R Sure. May I know your RAID requirement please?
Customer: Quote without please.
Agent: Do you want the quote without RAID controller too?
Customer: Quote without please.
Agent: Ok. May I confirm your requirement for the SYS- 740A-T?
2- Intel® Xeon® Gold 5317 Processor
8-16GB PC4-25600 3200MHz DDR4 ECC RDIMM
2- 800GB Micron 7300 MAX Series M.2 PCIe 3.0 x4 NVMe Solid State Drive
1- Supermicro AOM-TPM 2.0
Customer: Please Quote
Agent: Sure. I can email you with the quote for this configuration:
2- Intel® Xeon® Gold 5317 Processor
8-16GB PC4-25600 3200MHz DDR4 ECC RDIMM
2- 800GB Micron 7300 MAX Series M.2 PCIe 3.0 x4 NVMe Solid State Drive
1- Supermicro AOM-TPM 2.0 Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: When could I get quote?
Agent: I will email you back with the quote as soon as I can.
Customer: OK Thank you,
Agent: You're welcome. Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: No Thank you,
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Ralph Wostenberg left the following comment: It was very hard and limited as I type poorly. Hello. How may I help you? Status on our order ORDER #1000023475. Liz was assisting me but she has gone silent since last week
Agent: Hi Bruce Let me check on that for you. One moment Please bear with me for a few more minutes while I check for you. 
Customer: OK
Agent: It looks like Liz is currently working on it with our shipping team and FedEx right now. We hope to have an update for you soon Bruce. I apologize for the inconvenience.
Customer: That's a non answer answer. She told me that Friday. I need to know now what is going on. Either replace the parts or come up with a solution
Agent: Let me check internally and see what we can do in regards to that. 

Is it alright if I follow up with you via email once we hear back? It will take some time to get this up the grapevine. 
Customer: I have heard that before too. Is this some sort of scam. You charged our credit card. Show it as shipped with a tracking number but FedEx shows pending only,
Agent: This isn't a scam. According to our warehouse, the package was picked up by FedEx so we're working to determine where the package currently is. Since that's the case, we can't really make any decisions until we hear back from FedEx. Again, I apologize for the inconvenience.
Customer: This issue came up on Friday last week, it is now Tuesday and you expect me to believe that FedEx is not able to resolve this in that many days?
Agent: I can't speak to FedEx's efforts, but I can assure you our team has been trying to get to the bottom of what happened to your package. Yesterday was also a holiday, so that might have affected any progress we had.
Customer: Bruce Welch left the following comment: No resolution given. Agent cut chat off early because I was giving him heat. Hello. How may I help you? I need to know if you have 60 of SNK-P0078AP4 in your warehouse that you can transfer over for purchase.
Agent: Hi Jennifer Sure, let me check for you  We are running a bit low, but I can make a request. Once I get an update, I will email you that it's been approved and will be transferred within several hours today. 
Customer: I will take as many as you have up to the 60 if possible. How many do you have?
Agent: I will request for 60 initially
Customer: Thank you.
Agent: You're welcome Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: That is all, thank you Hello. How may I help you? Hello
Agent: Hi Arthur!
Customer: Can I get access to the server section of the estore please?
Agent: Sure thing! Please give me one moment.I Is the email address for your eStore account arthur.w.neilson@gmail.com?
Customer: Yes
Agent: Perfect, thank you. Your account should now have access to the ‘Systems’ tab on our eStore. You may have to log out/log back in before you can access the configurator. 
Customer: Thanks so much!
Agent: Of course!  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: Nope, thanks again.
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Arthur Neilson left the following comment: Thanks for the access Hello. How may I help you? I was looking to see if you might be able get some stock of (FAN-0154L4)
Agent: How many do you need ?
Customer: 10-20
Agent: This item is running really low on stock, I can check for you and email you after I get an update Is supplychain@mbx.com the best email to reach you?
Customer: Yes that is great thank you
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: No that is all that this time thank you
Agent:   It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  You're welcome. 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Can't find sys-5019a-fn5t in estore
Agent: Hi Arthur I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry this server on the eStore. 
Customer: So how do I get one and how much is it?
Agent: If you're looking for this specific one, you may need to check with our resellers: https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy or contact our Sales team at Sales-USA@supermicro.com
Customer: Is it no longer manufactured?
Agent: It still is. We just don't offer every system that is listed on our main website on our eStore.
Customer: I'll try the sales team.
Agent: Ok sounds good Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Ok thanks. Hello. How may I help you? We are looking for an alternative workstation to what we have. Tring to get wireless and a smaller foot print (mini tower)
Agent: Hi Dwight! Would you like access to our eStore server configurator? You would be able to view our workstation selection and configure it to your needs.
Customer: sure
Agent: We'll just need your eStore accout email address to enable this option. If you don't already have an account, please create one here:

https://store.supermicro.com/customer/account/create/
Customer: Is it possible to also get chat help on this to narrow down some choices?
Agent: Of course 🙂  I'm looking through our selection right now to see if there's anything I can recommend
Customer: thx
Agent: For wireless, were you referring to wi-fi? I don't think the workstations on our eStore have onboard wi-fi.   And the smallest form factor we have looks to be mid towers.
Customer: yes wi-fi we currently use the 5039A-i.  is that a mid tower?
Agent: Yes, it looks like the 5039A-i is a mid tower
Customer: I see.  So I guess something smaller is not possible.
Agent: I'd recommend the 5039C-T as a possible alternative, but you would have to purchase a wireless wifi card or USB and install that seperately.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/system/tower/5039/SYS-5039C-T.cfm Yea, unfortunately for workstations I don't think we have anything smaller. 7039A-i is another mid-tower we have on the eStore. It's a dual processor workstation if you need something more powerful, but no onboard wifi so you'll have to source a wireless card from a reseller.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/system/tower/7039/SYS-7039A-i.cfm
Customer: one of the criteria is streaming multiple ip camera video streams at once. Im looking to see if our existing Xeons are better than the i7 or i9's.
Agent: Ahh OK. In any case, did you still want access to our eStore server configurator? 

Once you get your account created, we can enable the feature so you can browse and configure as you'd like. Of course, we'll be here if you have any questions.

https://store.supermicro.com/customer/account/create/
Customer: ok thx
Agent: We've just enabled your account for server access, Dwight. You may have to log out/log back in before you can access it though
Customer: ok let i will try Thx jim.  I see the area where I can configure super workstations.  Do you know if the area showing preconfigure- ships in 3 to 5 day is accurate as far as shipping time?
Agent: No problem Dwight! Yes, our eStore servers are built and shipped within 3-5 business days. As long as you're able to add your configuration to your cart and check out, it means we have everything in stock and ready to build. 
Customer: Nice.  Our current reseller has taken 1-2 months in the past.
Agent: Ahh, I see. Yea, we pride ourselves on our turnaround time so hopefully that's something to look forward to when purchasing servers from our eStore 🙂  Now that you have access, did you want me to stay on chat with you to answer any questions you have? Or just let you browse for now and if you have any questions that need answering, you can hop back into chat?
Customer: I will browse for now.  thx
Agent: Sounds good Dwight. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Trying to access my account under: support@cmi-tec.com. my password stated it was not valid - did a forgot password
Agent: Hi Lawrence
Customer: have not received an email to reset - was able to verify my account when i tried to create a new one and it stated the support one was already there
Agent: Did you check your spam/junk folder?
Customer: yes do you know how long it takes for an email to arrive
Agent: Let me try from my end. It should be fairly quick
Customer: okay thank you
Agent: support@cmi-tec.com is the correct email?
Customer: yes
Agent: ok thanks It doesn't look like you created an account actually. Can you try recreating again using: https://store.supermicro.com/customer/account/create/ is there another email account that was used?
Customer:  i also have an lcianfoni@cmi-tec.com account  - does that affect the other? the support one is for my business CMI
Agent: There's no account for the support one, but there is one for lcianfoni@cmi-tec.com You'd have to create a separate account for that email 
Customer: how come it is stating that the account already exists
Agent: for support@cmi-tec.com?
Customer: yes
Agent: I don't see an account, so odd
Customer: it basically sends me back through a loop should i refresh the page or close and try again
Agent: I would try clearing your browser cache/refreshing the page or go incognito, then try again
Customer: will do. Start the chat Hello Jim
Agent: Hi John
Customer: I am going to be purchasing a supermicro motherboard M12SWA-TF. i'll probably get it from newegg i'm having trouble finding the right ram
Agent: What capacity/speeds are you looking for? I'll pull some options on my end
Customer: there are compatible memory types listed on the supermicro website, but they are all listed as out of stock in the estore i'm looking for 32GB RDIMMs with ECC enabled, registered memory
Agent: OK, please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: there are two types listed as compatible, LC and MD. what is the difference? MEM-DR432MD-ER32 and MEM-DR432LC-ER32
Agent: The difference is just the manufacturer from what I can see. 
Customer: ah ok
Agent: https://store.supermicro.com/32gb-ddr4-3200-mem-dr432l-cl04-er32.html

https://store.supermicro.com/32gb-ddr4-3200-mem-dr432l-hl03-er32.html

https://store.supermicro.com/32gb-ddr4-3200-mem-dr432l-cl05-er32.html

https://store.supermicro.com/32gb-ddr4-3200-mem-dr432l-sl02-er32.html These 4 DIMMs are validated for M12SWA-TF, but like you said they are mostly out of stock Is there a particular one you'd like? I can try requesting more inventory for any particular one
Customer: nothing in particular, but I do need some RAM I spoke with someone on the phone in San Jose this morning who said that he was able to find compatible RDIMMs in stock.
Agent: We should have stock left in our warehouse, we'll just need to transfer more over for you to be able to order it
Customer: oh ok I would love to buy some it looks like 64gb rdimms might be a better value though oh and there are some in stock!
Agent: Ahh OK. Did you want me to check for compatible 64GB DIMMs?
Customer: yeah if you don't mind double checking for me
Agent: No problem at all. One moment
Customer: https://store.supermicro.com/64gb-ddr4-3200-mem-dr464l-sl01-er32.html https://store.supermicro.com/64gb-ddr4-3200-mem-dr464l-hl02-er32.html would you reccommend samsung or hynix?
Agent: Personally, I've used Samsung more than Hynix so I would go with Samsung
Customer: those links i shared were followed from the motherboard tested ram page but both of those rdimms don't list the m12 motherboard explicitly in their list of supported motherboards if i go to '
Agent: Ahh. Yea, our validation checker isn't up to date, so it might not return an accurate result. I can confirm that the Samsung one you linked is validated though The other 2 SKUs that are validated are MEM-DR464L-CL03-ER32 and MEM-DR464L-SL02-ER32.
Customer: ok you are confirming that that samsung ram is good for the M12SWA-TF motherboard?
Agent: Yes, the MEM-DR464L-SL01-ER32 RAM that you linked is validated for the M12SWA-TF. 
Customer: what if i buy 4 now and 4 more in a couple years?
Agent: That shouldn't be a problem if you're wondering about compatibility
Customer: yeah i've heard that it's best to get as many as possible from the same production lot, but i don't remember why lol
Agent: I remember hearing about that as well, but I also can't remember why. We generally advise installing RAM from the same manufacturer with the same size and frequency so I think it should be OK
Customer: this RAM is brand new right? it seems that there is a lot of shady ram out there...
Agent: Yes, the RAM you purchase will be brand new.
Customer: supermicro seems like the most trustworthy place to get it
Agent: I'm glad you think so 🙂 
Customer: okay well i think those are all of my questions for now, you've been very helpful Jim!
Agent: No problem at all John. Happy to help! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: not at this time
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: see ya John Erickson left the following comment: Jim was helpful, and I appreciated having him double check RAM compatibility for me before my purchase. Hello. How may I help you? Hi, I'm running a 3CX phone server and need an SBC for a second office location. I'm running a raspberry pi temporarily but would like to replace it with a more robust machine. I have supermicro machines from NetGate for my firewalls and like the form factor and the IPMI interface, do you have anything in-stock that can fill this function?
Agent: Hi Stuart! Do you have access to our server configurator? 

https://store.supermicro.com/system.html
Customer: Yes, I tried that but it seems like everything is sold out https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/system/1U/1019/SYS-1019S-WR.cfm something like that would do the job I need it to do I don't really need storage, it's just a session boarder controller app to pass phone traffic to a HQ Do you have any advice on how I can get a couple of these ordered?
Agent: If you're looking specifically for the 1019S-WR, you may have to check with our Sales team or our resellers since we don't carry this system on our eStore.

Sales dept: Sales-USA@supermicro.com
Tel: +1-408-503-8000

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy
Customer: You have this on your estore: https://store.supermicro.com/wio-server-1u-sys-1019p-wtr.html this would do the job too, probably overkill actually. It has a "notify me" button Can you advise me on the turn-around time on this machine?
Agent: I'll have to check internally for that and email you back.
Customer: Ok great, I would appreciate that
Agent: Would you be interested in something like 5019P-M or 5019C-M? On our mainstream tab?
Customer: Tim transferred the chat to Tim yes, those would do the job too. It doesn't need to be particularly powerful, I'm running the app on a Pi right now, it just needs to be always on. Looking for better hardware, dual power supply ECC memory etc
Agent: https://store.supermicro.com/mainstream-server-1u-sys-5019p-m.html we have this system available and ready to ship (build and ships within 2-3 business days)
Customer: great
Agent: we may also have SYS-5019C-M available (currently out of stock) but it may take some time (1-2 weeks) 
https://store.supermicro.com/mainstream-server-1u-sys-5019c-m.html
Customer: This looks good
Agent: The major difference between the two is one uses E-2200 series CPU and the other intel Xeon Processor  also the 5019P-M has 6 dimms vs the 5019C-M has 4 dimms i would always recommend to give yourself some more room for upgrades in the future so i'd probably go with the 5019P-M
Customer: that makes sense to me
Agent: timeline for 5019P-M is a lot faster as well  we might be able to ship it out before end of the week if purchase today
Customer: I see the photo gallery has one of the 5019P's with dual power supplies, is this configurable? I'm not seeing it in the options
Agent: Dual power supplies are fixed  cannot be changed or configured  this has to do with validation purposes as well 
Customer: gottcha
Agent: wait 
Customer: thanks this was super helpful
Agent: actually  if you want redundant power supply, we do have that  but its another SKU https://store.supermicro.com/mainstream-server-1u-sys-5019p-mr.html this is the SKU for redundant power supply we actually do have this in stock
Customer: got it, it's out of stock, any idea when it will be available?
Agent: how many are you interseted in purchasing? interested*
Customer: 2 today
Agent: yes  we have exactly 2
Customer: how much?
Agent: difference between the two systems is $373.70 1 power supply versus 2 power supply i have updated the inventory for 5019P-MR and should be up in about 15 mins or so  so you should be able to configure  your own server
Customer: got it, so it's about 2300 after tax and shiping good deal I'll be able to order at 3:30?
Agent: yes hopefully. It's usually within 30 mins  actually  i might be able to help if you provide me with your specs  i can create a pre-config 
Customer: Base ram, base CPU
Agent: lets use 5019P-M as reference 
Customer: it doesn't need a lot of power, it's a single purpose appliance Intel® Xeon® Silver 4210R Processor 10-Core 2.40 GHz 13.75MB Cache (100W)
Agent: so 4210R as CPU, 1 x 16GB DDR4
Customer: 16GB DDR4 3200MHz ECC RDIMM Server Memory 1TB 3.5" DC HA210 7200 RPM SATA3 6Gb/s 128MB Cache 512N Hard Drive The NIC's that come with it will suffice for what I'm trying to do
Agent: ok  give me a moment while i look this up
Customer: ok let me know if I should email you a credit card info or if I can chat it here
Agent: oh no...i'll provide you with a link maybe in 2-3 mins 
Customer: ok thanks
Agent: you can add thaat to cart and proceed with checkout
Customer: I presume it will come via email?
Agent: no i'm actually wrapping up
Customer: got it Ok I'm ready when you are, I'll be here thanks for your help!
Agent: any concerns with 2933MHz memory?
Customer: nope it's ECC? I've had issues with previous tech's running this software on desktop machines and they crash monthly.
Agent: https://store.supermicro.com/mainstream-server-1u-sys-5019p-mr-pre-config.html
Customer: perfet this is what I needed
Agent: awesome is there anything else I can help you with today?
Customer: No that's it I placed the order Thanks for your help, I appreciate it! Your order number is: 1000023591.
Agent: no problem. Please feel free to reach out if you have any questions or additional server inquiry 
Customer: Will do, thanks again
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: bye Stuart Garlock left the following comment: Tim was very helpful. I managed to get my servers ordered, all is well! Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi again Dwight
Customer: hi jim  dwight again.  On the sys-7039a-i, I was trying to upgrade the GPU to an 8 gig
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  Is it alright if I email back for this? I'll have to check internally to see if there is an 8GB GPU option Was there a particular 8GB GPU you were looking to add?
Customer: nvidia rtx/4000
Agent: OK, let me check internally for that Dwight and I'll email you back. Is dleong@safeinhome.com a good email to reach you at?
Customer: yes, also looking for bulk pricing. Looking to get 6 to 8 units.  thx
Agent: 6 to 8 units for 7039A-i or 6 to 8 units for the GPU?
Customer: for the 7039a-i but open to the 5039-c although the site has is show no configuration options for the 5039-c
Agent: Thanks for confirming Dwight. I don't believe we offer bulk pricing for systems but I'll check internally. As for the 5039-C, I can help to configure it off-menu for you if you let me know what specs you'd like. 
Customer: ok cpu- w-2275 or dual with more than 14 cores total, GPU 8 gig (4 port) , Mem 32 gig.
Agent: Thanks Dwight. What would you like for storage?
Customer: 500g ssd and 1t hdd
Agent: Thank you! I'll get started on this configuration and email you back with a quote and hopefully have answers for your 7039A-i questions about availability and the RTX4000.
Customer: ok thx.
Agent: No problem! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Oh,  Needs windows 10 pro as well.
Agent: OK I'll keep that in mind. Thanks Dwight! Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: im good for now.  shipping time may be important if you can specify. thx
Agent: The systems should still ship out within 3-5 business days, and depending on what option you select at checkout, that would determine your delivery time.

We offer standard shipping (3-5 business days), expedited shipping (2 business days), overnight (next business day), priority overnight (by 10:30 am to most US addresses; by 5 pm to some remote areas; by noon on Saturdays). We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email    It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Avonn!
Customer: Trying to purchase 10 each of Supermicro FCI Blade Power Distributor (PDB-PT818-S2068) Can you tell me if you have enough in stock or inventory to cover?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: Ok thanks!
Agent: The stock for this item is running really low, however, I can check internally to see if we can support your inquiry Can I email you when I get an update ? Is  adorse01@peraton.com the best email to reach you ?
Customer: yes
Agent: Thanks! I will email you when I get an update Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: That was it.  Thanks!
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Rebecca!
Customer: Hi! May I get a quote 25x Hitachi HGST Ultrastar C10K1800 HUC101818CS4200 1.80 TB 2.5" Internal Hard Drive
Agent: HDD-2A18-HUC101818CS4200   (HUC101818CS4200) is EOL https://store.supermicro.com/1-8tb-hdd-2a18-huc101818cs4200.html
Customer: I will take the replacement
Agent: I am afraid that we won't be able to provide a quote
Customer: I will take a replacement
Agent: I can check the replacement part number and then request a quote for you. Is rebecca.jones@nandbsolutions.com the best email to reach you ?
Customer: ok yes please. Also,do you have the sales dept email address? Yes
Agent: Sales-USA@supermicro.com Thanks!  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: no thanks!
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hi
Agent: How can I help you?
Customer: Im checking if you can recommend an alternative chassis for this sorry I was checking sorry, I was checking if you can provide an alternative chassis for this model # please -- CSE-745TQ-R920B we need a 4U tower with redundant power supply
Agent: Let me check for you
Customer: thank you
Agent: https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/chassis/4U/745/SC745BTQ-R920B the newer version
Customer: nice checking
Agent: We don't sell any chassis on the eStore unfortunately, so you'll have to check with our resellers: https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy or contact our Sales team at Sales-USA@supermicro.com for availability though Just certain complete systems are available on the eStore
Customer: got it, do you have any other models you can recommend?
Agent: The other ones that are similar have larger capacity power supplies https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/chassis/4U/745/SC745BAC-R1K23B-SQ
Customer: oh yes, i see this one
Agent: https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/chassis/4U/747/SC747BTQ-R2K04B
Customer: ok got it, will check with your sales
Agent: Sounds good Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: your sales can only be contacted by email?
Agent: You can call +1-408-503-8000 and go through the menu from there I believe
Customer: got thank you that will be all
Agent: Ok great. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Danny Chiu left the following comment: all good Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Kasper
Customer: Hi Liz, thanks for getting on a chat with me
Agent: It's my pleasure to help you though 😄

Customer: Im mainly reaching out, as I am running a large amount of supermicro servers and I am in need of firmware updating a bunch of Toshiba drives, mainly the Toshiba MG05ACA800E i've only been able to find the firmwares from Dell, but they require that the drives are in a dell server before flashing them, which poses a problem for me.. Do you know of any person that might be able to assist on this+
Agent: I'm sorry do you mean the firmware updating for the toshiba drives?
Customer: Yes, I have a problem with them where they are going into offline mode randomly, it is supposedly fixed in the newer firmwares but I cannot find a way to update my drives without moving them to a Dell server. The only dell server I have can accept 8 harddrives, and I have 725 harddrives to update :O
Agent: You can contact our Tech support team for this at Support@Supermicro.com or Tel: +1 408-503-8000   You also can contact the Toshiba support on this issue
Customer: Alrght, thank you - I will give that a go Thanks
Agent: Sound great! You're welcome. Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: No I think that was all for now, I'll surf around your store a bit.. Do you ship from EU?
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, our Supermicro eStore currently only ships within the United States. Please check with our resellers and distributors in EU.
https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Thanks I will, I am good thank you.. Enjoy your day, and thanks for the help
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Deborah!
Customer: I need qty (30) CBL-SAST-0568
Agent: Let me check and see if we can support that quantity. One moment
Customer: ok
Agent: Is it alright if I email you back? I've reached out internally to check but I don't think I'll get an update soon.
Customer: YEs thank you.
Agent: No problem, thank you Deborah! Is deborah.ehman@arxys.com a good email to reach you at?
Customer: Yes
Agent: Perfect, I'll reach out once I have an update. Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: That's it for now.
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hi, I think that I have one dead power supply in my very old server. The PSU is PWS-801-1R do you have one or more in stock?
Agent: Hi Jesper I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry this PSU on the eStore as it is EOL (end of life). You will have to check with our resellers/distributors for availability: https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy or check with RMA at rma@supermicro.com for a replacement if possible
Customer: The server is long out of warranty.
Agent: The replacement is PWS-802A-1R, but you will need to replace both PSUs per recommendation
Customer: So the PWS-802A-1R is a drop in replacement?
Agent: Since PWS-801-1R is end of life, it may be difficult to find one. So you may need to go with the 802  https://store.supermicro.com/800-1u-pws-802a-1r.html We are out of stock with no ETA when we'll get this back so you may have to check with resellers again
Customer: OK, thanks!
Agent: You're welcome Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: That was it. Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Salvatore!
Customer: Hello. Is the license for Supermicro Out of Band (OOB) Software License Key (SFT-OOB-LIC) per server or per user?
Agent: It is per server, not per user
Customer: Thank you.
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: No that was it. Have a great day.
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Salvatore,
Customer: I'm trying to place an order for software but I am unable to enter my Canadian billing address.
Agent: I’m sorry, but our OOB license is only available for US-based customers (US billing address) to purchase. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.
https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: No that was it thank you.
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? I have an old quote and either need to update it or get a new one. Quote number: 8600649360
Customer number: TL00120U00
Agent: Hi Patrick Was this through our Sales team?
Customer: Yes.
Agent: Ah ok
Customer: JOSHUA OOI was the sales person
Agent: If you went through Sales, you can contact them at Sales-USA@supermicro.com or +1-408-503-8000
Customer: Got it, thanks.
Agent: You're welcome Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Can I get an extension for Joshua OOU OOI
Agent: I would contact Sales-USA@supermicro.com and request for Joshua, I don't have those details unfortunately from my end.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: nope thank you Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Jennifer!
Customer: I asked yesterday if 60 of SNK-P0078AP4 could be transferred from the warehouse for me to purchase and I haven't heard anything back yet.
Agent: I'm sorry for that. We still waiting for the answer of our PM and we will email you back as soon as we have the answer. Is there anything else I may help you with today?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email    It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Chris!
Customer: Hello. I am trying to order some cables.  I am stuck on the "Review & Payments" page.  It does not recognize my correct address.  It is forcing me to use an address that has the wrong zip5+4 code.
Agent: Could you please provide the full address here? I'll see if I can whitelist it on my end
Customer: Payment Address - P.O. Box 28075  Henrico, VA 23228-0075
Agent: OK, please give me one moment.
Customer: ok
Agent: Just to confirm, this address is just for the billing address right?
Customer: Correct.  Your site recognizes the shipping address.
Agent: Perfect, thanks for confirming.  OK, can you refresh your page and try the address once more? Exactly as provided above.

P.O. Box 28075 Henrico, VA 23228-0075
Customer: "Please select an address below with a 9-digit zip code" We Recommend:
PO BOX 28075
HENRICO , Virginia US 23228-0076 I cannot get past this " You Entered:
P.O. Box 28075
Henrico, VA US 23228-0075
Please select an address below with a 9-digit zip code "
Agent: How about let's try another way. Could you go back to our main page (https://store.supermicro.com/), click on the person icon on the top right -> My Account -> Address Book, and update the billing address there? The address seems to work on my end.
Customer: " You Entered:
PO BOX 28075
Henrico, VA US 23228-0075
Please select an address below with a 9-digit zip code
We Recommend:
PO BOX 28075
HENRICO , Virginia US 23228-0076 " I cannot save it
Agent: Could you include the periods as well? It needs to match exactly P.O. Box 28075
Customer: On the Verify You Address box, it says "Valid Address".
When I click on Save Address it says " You Entered:
P.O. Box 28075
Henrico, VA US 23228-0075
Please select an address below with a 9-digit zip code
We Recommend:
PO BOX 28075
HENRICO , Virginia US 23228-0076
Agent: Hmm OK. Please give me one moment to check internally. I apologize for the inconvenience.  If you refresh your page, does the address book show the correct billing address?
Customer: It does,  Let me go back and try to pay again
Agent: Sounds good Chris. Let me know if you run into any issues
Customer: Still the same issue " You Entered:
P.O. Box 28075
HENRICO, VA US 23228-0075
Please select an address below with a 9-digit zip code
We Recommend:
PO BOX 28075
HENRICO, Virginia US 23228-0076 " It still wants me to use the incorrect zip+4
Agent: OK, I might have to have our web team look into this and get back to you. Again, I'm terribly sorry for the inconvenience.  It might take some time. Did you want to stay on chat or have me email you back once we resolve this?
Customer: Can I order by phone?
Agent: Unfortunately no 😞 
Customer: I will try to stay on for a bit, but you can email me.
Agent: Thanks Chris. If I don't get an update within 5 minutes, I'll let you go and follow up via email. Haven't gotten a response back yet, Chris so I'll follow up with you via email on this issue Hoping to  have an update for you soon, and again I'm sorry for the inconvenience Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: Just curious, what is the difference between CBL-SAST-0507-01   &   CBL-SAST-0507-02?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  It looks like 01 is 28 AWG and 02 is 30 AWG
Customer: ok thanks
Agent: No problem Can I help you with anything else?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email   
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? hey
Agent: Hi Sara
Customer:  i need a quote pricing on your products could you help me woith it with
Agent: Sure, for which product?
Customer: one moment QTY: 2, 
 Manufacturer Part #: NTS-1023US-TR4-CT1, 
Description:  SUPERMICRO 1023US-TR4 with 16 x 32GB ODR4-3200, 2 x Seagate 3.5" 1TB, 2 x.AMD Rome 7452. AMD Dual Sock Server: with the following configurations: 
1 x AS - 1023US-TR4 -H11DSU-IN 819UTS-R 1 K02P-T, AOC-UR-i4G ( 1 G 4Ports)
16 x 32GB DDR4-3200 2Rx4 ECG REG DIMM
2 x Seagate 3.5" 1TB SATA 6Gb/s 7.2K RPM Cache 256MB, 512N
2 x AMO Rome 7452 DP/UP 32C/64T 2.35G 128M 155W 4094, HF, RoHS
1x NBD cross ship with parts replacement, including firmware updates and 24 hour phone support, 36 months. QTY: 2, 
Manufacturer Part #: 6RKNM, 
Description:  DELL 6RKNM MELLANOX CONNECTX-3 En Dual Port Cx354a Nie 40gbe / 56gb/s, Pci-e 3.0 XB Two Qsf + Transceiver Ports Network Interface Card
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry this on the eStore. You'll have to check with our Sales team for this request at Sales-USA@supermicro.com or +1-408-503-8000
Customer: thank you
Agent: you're welcome Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: thank you for your time'
Agent: Np! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hello good day
Agent: Hi Chris
Customer: I' m upgrading my cpu to milan 7003 series, and was wondering is it recommended that I change from the 7002 memory modules.
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  I'm sorry, we can only check the memory that already validated with the original CPU on the motherboard. Please contact with our tech support team at Support@Supermicro.com  or Tel: +1 408-503-8000  
Customer: ok emailing now thank you
Agent: You're welcome. Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: is there any difference at all from buying the memory here to buying say just the samsung module of the same exact model number
Agent: If you buy the memory here it's guarantee that the memory is validated or tested with your motherboard. We can help you to find the validated memory for the H12SSL-NT motherboard with milan 7003 series If you want us to look at the validated memory for the H12SSL-NT motherboard with milan 7003 series, please let me know the your requirement 
Customer: i've got that the reason that I'm asking is my CAS latency has always been ticked up by two but for instance right now i'm running Samsunng 16GB 1R ECC RDIMM CAS 22 3200MHz but it's not supermicro branded
Agent: I see. I would recommended to contact our tech support for this issue. They can help for this issue.
Customer: I just have., thank you have a nice day
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Chris left the following comment: It could be more informative, I understand it's not tech support. Hello. How may I help you? I ordered 4 of these cable and expedited their delivery.  Can you tell me when they will be shipped?
Agent: Hi James! They should be shipped out tonight so you should receive it by tomorrow since you chose overnight shipping.
Customer: okay thanks!
Agent: No problem! Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: Chat is idle due to 10 minutes of inactivity Chat archived due to 60 minutes of inactivity Hello. How may I help you? Hey, how can I find my Customer ID? I bought my motherboard from Newegg.
Agent: I see Sorry but only Supermicro direct customers have Customer ID
Customer: So I can't register my system?
Agent: If you want, you can check with Newegg for their ID You can register if you have Newegg's Supermicro ID
Customer: Wow...Idk how hard that is to get
Agent: Yeah, I am not sure either. Sorry about that ! 
Customer: Lol, alright. I appreciate it
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: No, that was all. Thank you
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Bye 👍 Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi James
Customer: On order number 1000023608 I forgot to add my suite number.  can you add Suite 206 to the order?
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we cannot modify your order on our end. Please cancel the order and replace it with the correct address. You can cancel your order by go to My Account -> My Order and cancel it Please double check your shipping address before place the order to avoid the suit number got dropped Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: nope thank you.  I canceled and reorder.  Hopefully there wasnt any hidden charges doing so. :-)
Agent: You're welcome. I saw the order canceled and new order placed. No worry, we don't have any hidden charge for it It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi John!
Customer: I am wondering if you all have a hardware RAID Controller for your SYS-6029P-WTR system.
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  It looks like we do. It's not available on our configurator, but I can configure something off-menu if you're interested. Would something like this work?

https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/accessories/addon/AOC-S3108L-H8iR.php
Customer: Well, I recently purchased one of those servers so at the moment I am looking for a price of just the controller and the option to buy individually if I decide I need to go that direction.
Agent: Ahh OK, thank you for clarifying. Since it's not carried on our eStore, you may have to check with our Sales team for a quote. This is one of our most common hardware RAID.

Sales dept: Sales-USA@supermicro.com
Tel: +1-408-503-8000 hardware RAID controllers*
Customer: And it would be compatible with this motherboard and chasis even though it isn't listed on that page?
Agent: Yes, it will be compatible
Customer: Ok great. I will give them an email. Thanks for your help
Agent: No problem John! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hi I am interested in SYS-510P-MR
Agent: Hi Brandon!
Customer: I would like to get pricing information. I tried to sign up to configure server, but I have not seen any email.
Agent: What is the eStore account email address?
Customer: brwong@paloaltonetworks.com
Agent: Can you log out and log in again on eStore?
Customer: sure will try ok great that works now!
Agent: That's good.
Customer: Another question since I have you Does the site generate a quote? or it only allows adding to cart?
Agent: After you adding a server to your cart, then you " Go to cart" you can generate a quote from there . 
Customer: Ok great thank you for your time
Agent: You're welcome.  Please do come back if you need more assistance Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Thanks thats all the questions I have for now.
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Just an extra note, we don't carry SYS-510P-MR at the moment but you can check if SYS-510P-WTR fits what you need Have a great day, goodbye!
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hello. How may I help you? looking for QTY 3
Agent: Hi Kathryn We currently have 1 available, but I can request for 2 more and hopefully it gets approved. This may take several hours to complete. I can email you once I get an update or the transfer is completed
Customer: kdriggers@nextscan.com
Agent: Got it, thank you!  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: should I order the 1 or wait for the 3 totoal
Agent: I would wait for all 3 to be ready so that its just 1 transaction/shipping.
Customer: thank you that was all
Agent: You're welcome It was nice talking to you. We'll be in touch soon. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Gayle!
Customer: I'm looking for 8 ea of the CBL-SAST-0973-1T.  What's the availability?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  Currently, we only have 3 available on eStore, but we can request more stock for the CBL-SAST-0973-1T. The transfer process will take some hours to complete. Do you want me to email you back via gayle.smith@arlut.utexas.edu after 8pcs are available?
Customer: yes please! this will also be tax exempt for the University of Texas at Austin.  Do you have our cert on file or can I send it over now?
Agent: We do accept tax-exempt, but it would be applied after the purchase not during the time of purchase.

In order to apply for tax exemption, you would need to provide valid certificate, which you can send to eStore-support@supermicro.com along with your order number.

Your tax-exempt request will be processed after we have verified that the certificate is valid. 
It usually takes up to 10 business days for the tax amount to return back to your original form of payment.
 Before submitting a request, please review the tax exempt guide carefully.  Incomplete or incorrect submissions will be rejected.
https://store.supermicro.com/tax-exemption-guide
 
Customer: ok, so you'll email me later on the 8?
Agent: Yes, I will email you as soon as the inventory is ready Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: that's it
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hi, I activated an OOB license with just the serial number but SUM is saying that it also needs the MAC...how do I add the MAC to the key?
Agent: Hi Terrence! Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: The input page only asked for either the Serial or the MAC...I entered the Serial and apparently I needed the MAC...or both.
Agent: https://store.supermicro.com/pub/media/wysiwyg/productspecs/SFT-OOB-LIC/How-to-generate-OOB-keys.pdf So it looks like you reached Step 6 where you input the serial number right? And a key was successfully generated?
Customer: That page actually didn't work at the time I was trying to register the license, so I just entered the Serial and generated the key...it says it wont work if youve already used the license so I do I redeem it? Yes
Agent: Let me check internally on this real quick. One moment
Customer: Ok
Agent: https://store.supermicro.com/software/out-of-band-oob-key-activation-guide#tab-sum Have you downloaded the license file and done these steps? Or is this where you're running into issues
Customer: That's where I'm running into issues...the MAC address is not included in the file that was generated, but the program is asking for the MAC in the key.
Agent: What if you try activating it via WebGUI?

https://store.supermicro.com/software/out-of-band-oob-key-activation-guide#tab-ipmi
Customer: I can't access the IPMI right now...I'm in the process of trying to reflash the BIOS which is why I bought the license.
Agent: Ahh OK. Give me one more moment to check internally.
Customer: Ok...I really don't think I can even activate it OOB, because I can't connect to the IPMI which is off...
Agent: Please bear with me for a few more minutes while I check for you. 
Customer: Ok
Agent: Would you be able to provide a screenshot for where you're running into the issue when activating via SUM?
Customer: I'm going to try SUM in-band and see if that works, but I don't think it will because the IPMI is off Like not detected
Agent: OK, please let me know how that goes. From what I can see, there shouldn't be any issues trying to activate via SUM if you used the serial number vs mac address
Customer: Ok, thank you
Agent: How's it looking Terrence? Did you have any luck with SUM in-band activation?
Customer: I'm waiting for the system to reboot
Agent: OK
Customer: Takes a long time now
Agent: Ahh I see
Customer: Somehow the wrong BIOS was flashed to my motherboard I'm trying to fix it now
Agent: No worries Terrence. Do what you have to and I'll wait for your update.
Customer: Ok I see you can't activate it by SUM EFI Correct?
Agent: That I'm not sure
Customer: Ok, Is it even possible ot reflash the BIOS to the correct BIOS?
Agent: You should be able to, but without OOB activated, you can't reflash it remotely and it would have to be reflashed locally
Customer: Ok, I thought I saw something that said that you can't flash locally or manually without a license DMCS license
Agent: The license just enables remote BIOS updates via IPMI Updating locally shouldn't require a license
Customer: Ok, last thing....does the H12SSL-CT BIOS supposed to say it's H12SSL-i I downloaded the BIOS for the CT and ended up somehow with the i....I see they have the same name or are bundled together...but I'm not sure why my motherboard chose to flash as an i device...
Agent: From the release notes it looks like CT and I share the same BIOS versions.

https://www.supermicro.com/Bios/softfiles/14711/H12SSL-i_C_CT_NT_BIOS_2.3_release_notes.pdf
Customer: I uploaded the bin file to the IPMI and it flashed from there and it ended up like this...No IPMI and wrong BIOS
Agent: I would recommend double checking with our technical support team just to be sure though:

Tech Support: Support@Supermicro.com
Tel: +1-408-503-8000

Customer: Ok
Agent: Is there anything else I may help you with today, Terrence? 
Customer: No, that was all...thank you 👍
Agent: No problem 🙂 It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hello, I recently purchased a server from eBay and was wondering how I could purchase a product key to update the BIOS via the IPMI.  The motherboard is an older model X9DRD-LF-TW008
Agent: Hi Dirk Let me check on this
Customer: Thanks
Agent: Is it asking for a key when you try to update the BIOS via IPMI?
Customer: Yes
Agent: Ok This motherboard is quite old and we don't show any X9 motherboards for OOB key. I'll have to check with our technical support team this can be used with OOB and get back to you. 
Customer: Ok that would be great. I updated the IPMI firmware without needing anything but the BIOS seem to require a product key
Agent: Ok I'll doublecheck and email you back
Customer: Thanks!
Agent: You're welcome Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: No that's it
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: You too thanks Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Tom!
Customer: I'm looking to replace the fans in my SC847 case. I've read that (with a little modification), the "Supermicro 80mm Hot-Swappable Middle Axial Fan (FAN-0074L4)" will work, and are much quieter. There are 7, so I'd need that quantity, but it appears only two are available. Hi Liz!
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: Thanks
Agent: May I know the full chassis part number, please?
Customer: I think it's SC847J, it's the JBOD version. I bought it used, and it didn't come with a manual ah. give me a second, I can get that for you
Agent: Thank you 
Customer: So you want the serial #? C84700A30B60135 P/N is CSE-847
Agent: Yes. Thank you. Please give me a moment while I check for you.  Your full chassis part number is CSE-847E26-RJBOD1. The fan that is validated with this chassis is FAN-0126L4
https://store.supermicro.com/80mm-fan-0126l4.html?queryID=5cf9938fa16895aa6ee069e66879765d&objectID=465&indexName=supermicro_default_products Unfortunately, we are out for stock for FAN-0126L4. Please contact our resellers for availability https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy
Customer: ok. thanks
Agent: You're welcome. Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: nope Hello. How may I help you? Hi I'm trying to check availability of part#  MEM-DR432L-HL01-EU29 it shows as in stock, but errors out when I try to add to cart
Agent: Hi Benjamin! How many were you looking to purchase?
Customer: 2
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  We're updating the inventory right now. It should only be a couple of minutes
Customer: okay, thank you
Agent: OK, please refresh your page and try adding 2 to your cart again
Customer: that worked, thank you for your assistance!
Agent: No problem! Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: nope that was my only concern. thanks again
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? do you have a tracking number on 1000023608
Agent: Hi James !  Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: thanks!
Agent: 1000023608 was canceled but you placed another order 1000023613. Correct? Order 1000023613 is scheduled delivery: Thursday, 1/20/2022 before 4:30 pm https://www.fedex.com/fedextrack/?trknbr=540500950960&trkqual=2459600000~540500950960~FX
Customer: whoops you right :-)  thanks for the latest tracking info!  🙏
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email    It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hey there
Agent: Hi Omar
Customer: I am messaging from Klick Health, we are a company based in Canada and the US. We need to upgrade 4 servers ASAP. Since I know supermicro from previous experience, I got approval to purchase from you guys But when I go to the store, it is asking to request access. I did that yesterday. I was wondering if you can help me with access to the store I want to avoid buying from third parties
Agent: Ok got it, sure I can provide you access. Give me a moment
Customer: thank you so much!
Agent: Please note we only ship within the United States and purchases are made with a US-credit card or ACH Bank Account Transfer currently
Customer: Noted yes, we have offices in the US and Canada, and we can pay in both ways
Agent: Ok great you should have access now every time you log into your eStore account now if you're currently logged in, you will have to log out and log back in Were you able to log in and access our servers?
Customer: let me check
Agent: Ok
Customer: yes!! you rock! thanks
Agent: you're welcome!
Customer: I can do shopping now and have fun with this new servers :) thanks for your help. I am tired of Lenovo and HP hahah
Agent: Nice, np!
Customer: I want something that we can manage better and with more simplicity :) Have a good day ahead
Agent: Thank you, you have a great day as well!  Feel free to come back to us on chat or email if you have any questions. 
Customer: will doi Omar Luna left the following comment: Great support. Love supermicro and how easy things are Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Alejandro!
Customer: Hi Good day. Do you have in stock MCP-220-00047-0B Trys? i need 20
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: thanks
Agent: Yes, we have 20pcs of MCP-220-00047-0B in stock. Here is the link:  https://store.supermicro.com/mcp-220-00047-0b.html?queryID=498dbff6961ded02d0b50ee7b1b1f0e5&objectID=634&indexName=supermicro_default_products
Customer: ok what is the delivery time? the shipping is for Atlanta
Agent: If you place the order before our cut off time 3:30 PM PST. The order will be shipped out by the end of today. 
Customer: ok perfect...let me validate it to shopping thanks
Agent: Sound good! You're welcome. Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: Thanks is all i will proced to the shopping
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: bye Hello. How may I help you? Hello. We bought a SFT-OOB-LIC for a node of our  SYS-5038MD-H8TRF system--so that's an X10 motherboard. We received a file containing a signature, like you'd use to activate the product for an X12 motherboard. However, what we need is the 24-character key that the X11 and X10 motherboards take.
Agent: Hi Jordan, did you buy the OOB from the eStore?
Customer: Yes
Agent: What is your order#?
Customer: Hmm. My boss forwarded me the email with the generated key, but that doesn't seem to have the order number. Let me see if I can get that real quick.
Agent: Oh ok So you already generated the key using the methods for X10/X11 from this guide: https://store.supermicro.com/pub/media/wysiwyg/productspecs/SFT-OOB-LIC/How-to-generate-OOB-keys.pdf
Customer: I think so. He definitely had me look up our motherboard model while he was doing it. Thanks for the instructions document, though. Good way to figure out with him if something wasn't done right.
Agent: For X11, if successful, the Product Key would be shown under “Generate Key” that applies to X10 as well X12 is an actual key file
Customer: yeah
Agent: Oh it's under his account huh unless you have access to it?
Customer: Yeah, it is, and he's not responding right now. I think we're stuck for right now.
Agent: Ok understood. If the 24 character key is shown there, then you should be good to use that to activate in IPMI. If it's a key file where you can download it, then not sure why it went the X12 method. 
Customer: Would we be able to reverse that and get an X10/11 key out of it instead?
Agent: Probably, but we'll have to see from your boss if the key number is just sitting in his account
Customer: Alright
Agent: I think he generated it already, Ravi right?
Customer: yep, that's the one
Agent: If you guys do not see the key under his account, feel free to reach out back to us 
Customer: OK, I'll do that after I have a chance to talk to him, if necessary.
Agent: Sounds good Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Nope, thank you.
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Ray
Customer: Hi Liz - I have the following server with two of four nvme drives already in.  Would like to add two more drives please.  Can you please advise the part # for me SYS-740GP-TNRT
Agent: May I know what kind of drive do you want to add?
Customer: ssd would be great.  2tb each
Agent: You can check all the drive options for the server SYS-740GP-TNRT at this link:
https://www.supermicro.com/en/support/resources/hdd/systemhdd?ProductID=87521&sz=2.&ctrl=74 3.5 for HDD and 2.5 for SSD
Customer: I can add ssd to the hdd drive slots (4 of them)
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  You will need the convert 3.5" to 2.5" tray for the SSD use the HDD slot Please give me a moment while I check for you which convert tray is compatible with your chassis You will need the MCP-220-93801-0B to use the SSD on the HDD slot
https://store.supermicro.com/mcp-220-93801-0b.html?queryID=4627434f961a244952544fd7184320e8&objectID=872&indexName=supermicro_default_products
Customer: ok perfect, thanks very very much Hello. How may I help you? do you have motherboard # X10DRI-t
Agent: Hi Debbie! I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry any motherboards on our eStore. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy  You can also try checking with our Sales team.

Sales dept: Sales-USA@supermicro.com
Tel: +1-408-503-8000 Is there anything else I may help you with today?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email    It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Debbie Chen left the following comment: response quickly.   thanks Hello. How may I help you? Hello I just registered my account is there a way to tax exempt it? I am with the Navy in Orlando
Agent: Hi Gregory! We do accept tax-exempt, but it would be applied after the purchase not during the time of purchase.

In order to apply for tax exemption, you would need to provide valid certificate, which you can send to eStore-support@supermicro.com along with your order number.

Your tax-exempt request will be processed after we have verified that the certificate is valid. 
It usually takes up to 10 business days for the tax amount to return back to your original form of payment.
  Before submitting a request, please review the tax exempt guide carefully.  Incomplete or incorrect submissions will be rejected.
https://store.supermicro.com/tax-exemption-guide
  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? I'm looking for price and availability on your A2SAP-H motherboard
Agent: Hi Robert! I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry any motherboards on our eStore. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy  You can also try checking with our Sales team.

Sales dept: Sales-USA@supermicro.com
Tel: +1-408-503-8000
Customer: Okay, Thanks!
Agent: No problem! Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: No Thanks
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? is the 2u active heaksink in stock and where does it ship from  snk-p0068aps4
Agent: How many SNK-P0068APS4 are you looking for ?
Customer: 1
Agent: It is in stock and it will be shipped from San Jose, CA. https://store.supermicro.com/2u-active-cpu-cooler-x11-snk-p0068aps4.html
Customer: thanks
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: no just need to place my order
Agent: Sounds good. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? TAX REFUND I have applied for the tax refund for order#1000022767 Need to know the status
Agent: Hello Let me check  The tax refund was processed on 12/5/2021 so please check your account. 
Customer: refund back to credit card ?
Agent: Yes, card ending in 6321
Customer: ok. thank you
Agent: you're welcome Can I help you with anything else?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email    It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Stefan! 
Customer: can i order the SFT-OOB-LI key in germany without an adress in the us
Agent: I am sorry unfortunately we only can sell within the US. The only way to bypass this is using an US credit card that has an US billing address tied to it to purchase OOB on eStore Or You can check with resellers for the availability  https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy
Customer: ok thank you but i need it right now
Agent: I see.  Sorry about that! 
Customer: there is no way to get physikal acces to the server Thank you for your help
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: no thank you by
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Chris
Customer: MEM-DR416LD-ER32 Hi, do you have 8 of these in stock
Agent: May I confirm that you want to ask for this memory Supermicro (Samsung) 16GB 288-Pin DDR4 3200 (PC4-25600) Server Memory (MEM-DR416LD-ER32)? https://store.supermicro.com/16gb-ddr4-3200-mem-dr416l-sl02-er32.html 
Customer: Yes for H12SSL-NT
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  We currently have 6 in stock, but I can request 2 more for you. It would take some hours to complete. Can I email you back via email dodgec5804@live.com when the stock is ready?
Customer: yes,
Agent: Thank you! Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: no that's all thank you very much been a  pleasure
Agent: I will email you back as soon as the inventory is ready. You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hey Jim, I think we spoke before about RAM. I just wanted to triple check that I have the right RAM before buying.
Agent: Hi John! I believe we did 🙂
 Sure thing
Customer: https://store.supermicro.com/64gb-ddr4-3200-mem-dr464l-sl01-er32.html supports M12SWA-TF?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: m12swa-tf is a mobo
Agent: Yup, MEM-DR464L-SL01-ER32 is validated for M12SWA-TF
Customer: do you know how much power each dimm uses in the m12swa-tf?
Agent: Let me see if I can find anything. One moment
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? trying to find the current product for MCP-120-00031-0N
Agent: Hi Steve Let me check for you We don't carry any riser cards on the eStore so you'll have to check with our resellers/distributors: https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hi Jim, I think I may have given the wrong billing address. Did my payment go through? Order # 1000023654
Agent: Hi John! Yes it looks like we received your order It hasn't processed yet though. Did you want to cancel and reorder with the correct billing address?
Customer: i think so, let me double check with my bank really quick
Agent: Sure thing If you did want to cancel, you can do so by accessing your account in the top right -> My Orders
Customer: I guess they have both of my addresses home and mail
Agent: Ahh OK
Customer: so they'll probably take both sorry to bug you
Agent: No worries at all 🙂  Glad you got that sorted out!
Customer: when will we know whether or not the payment is valid? monday?
Agent: We should know by the end of the day. We usually ship out our small items same day, and we only do that when the payment clears
Customer: okay good news. if it doesn't go out today will it go out tomorrow, or not until monday?
Agent: Not until Monday 
Customer: right on, well have a good weekend and thank you for these helpful chats!
Agent: Thanks John, you too 🙂 No problem at all! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: John Erickson left the following comment: Jim always answers my questions. Hello. How may I help you? Hi Kyle, i was interested in configuring a server, i didn't see any option to configure or pricing or availability, can you assist?
Agent: Hi Faisal Sure, do you have an eStore account with us?
Customer: No i haven't used supermicro since 2003 :_D
Agent: Oh I see, no worries. Please create an account and I can hopefully get you access soon https://store.supermicro.com/customer/account/create/
Customer: ok got it, is that how it works? you gotta create an account before you can access the options?
Agent: yeah in order to purchase anything on the eStore in general, you will need an account Once you register and complete verification, I can enable you for our servers
Customer: just confirmed
Agent: Ok thanks You should have access now. Please log into your account.  If you're already logged in, please log out and log back in.
Customer: i am in
Agent: Great, you should be able to view and configure any of our servers in the Servers section now
Customer: i am gonna log back in as it says can't find anything
Agent: ohh, you may have to refresh your browser/clear cache as well if that doesn't work
Customer: wohoo! i see them thanks much Kyle
Agent: You're welcome
Customer: I'll ping if i have an y Qs thanks for your help and have a wonderful weekend bye
Agent: Sounds good, have a wonderful weekend too! Goodbye
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Sye!
Customer: what is the availability and best cost on 50pcs of the cables please?
Agent: For the price quote for 50pcs of CBL-SAST-0948, can you please fill this form https://store.supermicro.com/quote#CBL-SAST-0948? Our quote agent will let you know the availability and price 
Customer: I already sent an email.
Agent: Sound good!
Customer: can u tell me if this new part# is CBL-SAST-0616  is 12GB/s ?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  Please bear with me for a few more minutes while I check for you. 
Customer: sure.
Agent: Can I email you back for the speed of  CBL-SAST-0616? I will need to check it internally Is the email shojreh@thinkcp.com best to reach you?
Customer: shojreh@thinkcp.com
Agent: Thank you! Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: thank you as well. all good
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hi Joe. I need to purchase 20 pcs of SuperMicro PN# PDB-PT813M-2424 Could you please help to release inventory for me to order?
Agent: Hi Hung-Chang! Are you located in the United States?
Customer: Yes. Dallas TX
Agent: Got it . I will request to transfer the stock and email you when they are ready Is s910372@hotmail.com the best email to reach you ?
Customer: Correct Also, I need help to process sales tax refund from my previous order Can you help with this as well? ORDER #1000023640
Agent: Have you submitted the tax exemption certificate ?
Customer: I don't know where to submit
Agent: Please email your valid certificate to    
Customer: What else should I need apart from my tax permit
Agent: A valid tax exempt certificate should do.  Before submitting a request, please review the tax exempt guide carefully.  Incomplete or incorrect submissions will be rejected.
https://store.supermicro.com/tax-exemption-guide
 
Customer: Thanks for the info!
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: I am good. Thank you Joe. Looking forward to order the 20 pcs.
Agent: You're welcome.  I will email you when the stock is ready It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: You too. Bye! Hello. How may I help you? hi i just buy this board
Agent: Hi Erik
Customer: mbd-x12spa-tf-o and i need ram i need 8x8gb my cpu is xeon 4310
Agent: Ok, let me check what is compatible with your motherboard The only one validated with this motherboard is the following: https://store.supermicro.com/8gb-ddr4-3200-mem-dr480l-hl01-er32.html
Customer: but my cpu only run at 2666
Agent: It would clock down
Customer: r you shure i see some on says they use this ram and it wont boot because its hire clock
Agent: For our motherboard/cpu, it typically would be clocked down. This motherboard has only been validated with 3200 ram
Customer: ok but it will work can i put other ddr4 rdimm 2666
Agent: yeah the ram will work hmm for 2666 ram, we cannot validate that unfortunately.  You'd be using at your own risk 
Customer: ok
Agent: So it may or many not work *may not work
Customer: cause i see this on amazon and you dont send to canada https://www.amazon.ca/-/fr/gp/product/B07X2ZGGF8/ref=ppx_od_dt_b_asin_title_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1 its samsung ram
Agent: Yeah we cannot validate if this is compatible so you'd try at your own risk. If it works, that's great, but no guarantee
Customer: THX but i know udimm not working
Agent: Yeah just rdimm Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: no thx so i check you ram befor buy but do you have a link
Agent: what link are you referring to?
Customer: for the 8gb 3200 supermicro sertified
Agent: https://store.supermicro.com/8gb-ddr4-3200-mem-dr480l-hl01-er32.html this is the only 8GB one certified
Customer: and is BO ok i will check for 8x MEM-DR480L-HL01-ER32
Agent: yeah, that is correct! from any of our resellers
Customer: thx
Agent: you're welcome Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: no thx for now bye Erik Lachance left the following comment: happy person love the service wish have live support like that Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Alex How can I help you?
Customer: I want to buy a server the 1029tp-dc1r i'am  from Bolivia
Agent: I see. Will you be using a Bolivia shipping address?
Customer: I want to configure it but I can't find the server in the store options miami address
Agent: We actually don't carry the 1029TP-DC1R on our eStore
Customer: Or what is the best option for you?
Agent: Would you like to look at alternative solutions on our eStore? We can enable your eStore account for server access Actually, it looks like you already have access. We don't carry multi-node servers though
Customer: I would like you to enable the option since we are a company here in Bolivia that works with servers
Agent: You should have access to this part of our website: https://store.supermicro.com/system.html
Customer: go to that link
Agent: Yes
Customer: 
I'm there
Agent: You can browse and configure our eStore server selection by clicking on any one of the sub-categories that you see. We don't carry Twin models though so what you see is what we have You can try browsing through our Ultra selection for something similar, but again, it would only be a 1 node server instead of 2 node
Customer: Will they no longer work with servers with 2 or more nodes?
Agent: What do you mean?
Customer: check if they no longer produce tween servers
Agent: We still produce Twin servers, it's just not something we offer on our eStore. If you want to purchase Twin servers, please inquire with our Sales team or our resellers:

 Sales-USA@supermicro.com 
1-408-503-8000

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy


Customer: ahhh ok
Agent: Yea, sorry for the confusion!
Customer: my english is not good lol
Agent: No problem at all. If there's anything you need me to re-clarify, please let me know Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: In order for my company to be a reseller in Bolivia, what do I need?
Agent: Please contact our marketing team at marketing@supermicro.com for details on how to be a reseller.
Customer: ok 
a team with similar characteristics to the one I sent you?
Agent: Like 1029tp-dc1r? 
Customer: 1 node yes
Agent: Our Sales team should be able to quote you for that exact system if they have it available Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Can I buy the server in the store and bring it to Bolivia?
Agent: Like purchasing from our eStore? Or from our Sales team? From our eStore, as long as it's shipped to a U.S. address, you can reship it to Bolivia if you want after you receive it Our Sales team can ship internationally
Customer: I am looking for the easiest way to buy the equipment and bring it to Bolivia, I do not want to go through the local distributor
Agent: Ahh OK. Easiest way to purchase the 1029tp-dc1r and have it shipped to Bolivia would probably be our Sales team
Customer: ok
Agent: Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: What email should I write to? or call
Agent: Sales-USA@supermicro.com 
1-408-503-8000
Customer: ok
Agent: Can I help you with anything else, Alex? 
Customer: no, its ok
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  🙂 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hi, I had 2 questions. First, does the SuperServer (SYS-1029P-WTR) include rack rails in the box or do I need to order these separately.

Secondly, what sort of hardware warranty is available on the same server?
Agent: Hi Bejon Our servers do include the rack rails so no need to order one unless you want an extra Warranty is 3 years for server, 3 years for parts, and 1 year of cross—shipping. 
Customer: Ok great, I didn't see the warranty details on the server I added to my cart so I wanted to be sure. Thanks for your help!
Agent: You're welcome! 
Customer: Oh one last note, is that next business day?
Agent: So if you choose overnight (next business day), please allow for 1-2 business days for the system to be assembled, but once it is shipped, it will get there by the next business day. 
Customer: sorry, I meant for the warranty :)
Agent: ohh
Customer: for replacement parts, failed system, that sort of thing
Agent: Oh I see, understood. Let me double check Please bear with me for a few more minutes while I check for you. 
Customer: No problem, thanks
Agent: Thank you for waiting. For 1 year cross-shipment, it is overnight replacement.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: no, that should do it I think - thank you again for your help
Agent: Np at all! Feel free to ask us anything if you have any other questions. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: you too! Bejon Parsinia left the following comment: Answered my questions promptly, thanks! Hello. How may I help you? my server SuperServer 1028R-MCTR
Agent: Hi Ramiro!
Customer: that is compatible?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  Yes, it should be compatible with your server
Customer: ok, thanks
Agent: No problem! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: no, thanks
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Jerry!
Customer: (MCP-260-00115-0N) looking for qty 40. I purchased 40 X12SAE MB from ASI they can without I/O shields
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  I can request more stock for the MCP-260-00115-0N. The process will take several hours to complete. Can I email you back via jerry@gtweb.net when the stock for MCP-260-00115-0N is ready?
Customer: yes please
Agent: Thank you. Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: nothing else Thanks!
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hello
Agent: Hi Florian!
Customer: I would like to use this as a video and 3d workstation what RAM should I be buying
Agent: What size DIMMs are you looking for? 32GB?
Customer: 32GB yes
Agent: OK, please give me one moment to check. Here are 5 options for you to choose from:
https://store.supermicro.com/32gb-ddr4-3200-mem-dr432l-hl03-er32.html

https://store.supermicro.com/32gb-ddr4-3200-mem-dr432l-cl04-er32.html

https://store.supermicro.com/32gb-ddr4-3200-mem-dr432l-cl05-er32.html

https://store.supermicro.com/32gb-ddr4-3200-mem-dr432l-sl02-er32.html

https://store.supermicro.com/32gb-ddr4-3200-mem-dr432l-sl05-er32.html
 These DIMMs have been validated for 5014A-TT.
Customer: cool thanks, also for the M.2 ssds does the case come with coolers for that
Agent: No, I don't believe M.2 heatsinks are included with the chassis/system. You would have to purchase them standalone
Customer: do I need to buy special ones, or can I use the ones that come with the drives
Agent: You should be able to use the ones that come with the drives, but I think that would depend on the specific drive/heatsink. You can double check with our technical support team to be 100% sure though.

Tech Support: Support@Supermicro.com
 1-408-503-8000

Customer: ok, thanks
Agent: No problem! Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: any recommadation on the cooler for the cpu
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: sure
Agent: Looks like there are 2 options.

SNK-P0066AP4	is a standard air cooled heatsink. 

SNK-P3028A4 is a closed-loop liquid cooling with 360mm radiator We don't carry those on our eStore so you would have to source them from a reseller.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy For the liquid cooler, you would need to add 3x 12cm fans that aren't included
Customer: ok, thank you very much
Agent: No problem at all 🙂
 Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: no, thanks. I'll have a look at all that.
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Goodbye. Was nice chatting with you too!
Agent: You too!
Customer: Florian Zachau left the following comment: Super quick, super nice! Start the chat Hey Kyle
Agent: Hi Alex
Customer: I just got your e-mail; yes I am looking for just the rail kit as I am purchasing the server elsewhere (Microcenter), I don't believe that it will come with rails unfortunately.
Agent: What a coincidence I just sent you the email too Ahh that's unfortunate Yeah you can use the rail kit I linked
Customer: Got it; this one right? https://store.supermicro.com/1u-cse-pt52l.html
Agent: Yes, correct
Customer: you're the man Kyle, thank you for your prompt help!
Agent: You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: that will be everything, much appreciated Kyle.
Agent: Np! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: You too! Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Kate!
Customer: Hi, Liz! This item says it's out of stick but that if I contact you, you may be able to order one: Supermicro 1000W 1U Redundant Power Supply (PWS-1K03A-1R) *stock
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: Thanks!
Agent: May I know how many do you want?
Customer: Just one
Agent: I see. Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: Thanks!
Agent: I'm sorry. Can I email you back via email kate.tucker@bladediagnostics.com? I will need to check internally if we still have one left
Customer: Sure! That works well. I'll keep an eye out for your email. Thanks!
Agent: You're welcome. Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: That's it
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  I will email you back as soon as I can for the inventory information.
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hi Jim. I need to buy 20 pcs of SuperMicro PN#CBL-0097L-02. Can you please help to release inventory for my order?
Agent: Hi Hung! Sure let me check on inventory real quick Just to confirm, you'll be using a U.S. billing/shipping address for this order?
Customer: Yes. My location is at Dallas TX
Agent: Perfect, thank you for confirming
Customer: I have already made several PO's with you guys
Agent: It looks like we should be able to transfer 20 of these cables for you. The transfer will take several hours to complete and I'll email you once it's done. Is s910372@hotmail.com a good email to reach you at?
Customer: Yes. Thank you
Agent: Perfect, I'll reach out to you with an update soon. Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: I am good. Thank you so much Jim!
Agent: No problem at all 🙂
 It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: You too. Bye! Hello. How may I help you? What is the p/n to order this Server with AC 600W Redundant 48V POWER SUPPLY? SYS-110P-FDWTR
Agent: Hi Laurie You looking for the power supply p/n for this server?
Customer: I am looking for the full Server but AC instead of DC which is what p/n SYS-110P-FDWTR calls out
Agent: Oh I see, let me check The only one listed that's not DC has 800W power supplies https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/system/IoT/1U/SYS-110P-FRN2T Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: No.  Thank you! Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: hi Troy
Customer: Hi there, I need to find compatible disks for a SuperMicro device.
Agent: Do you look for the SSG-2029P-E1CR24H? I mean do you look for the validated disk for the  SSG-2029P-E1CR24H?
Customer: Yes please. Do you have any resellers in New Zealand ?
Agent: All the compatible disks in this page is worked for the SSG-2029P-E1CR24H
https://www.supermicro.com/en/support/resources/hdd/systemhdd?ProductID=85977 We have 3 resellers in  New Zealand. Please check at this page https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy This is the drive disks options for the rear drive bay https://www.supermicro.com/en/support/resources/hdd/systemhdd?ProductID=85977&reardrivebay=true  The previous link is for main drive bay. I'm sorry that I didn't mention Is there anything else I may help you with today?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email   
Customer: Thank You :) Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Don
Customer: trying to find replacement power supply part for Super Server with Serial Number:  201707-159952
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: I also have the serial number off of the power supply if it helps? P9211CF36XT0392
Agent: Thanks Don! That 2nd serial number worked. It looks like the P/N for your current power supply is PWS-920P-1R	, but that one has been marked EOL. Here is the replacement: https://store.supermicro.com/920w-1u-pws-920p-1r2.html?utm=eol We're currently out of stock for this power supply though. How many were you looking to purchase?
Customer: They need to replace 1 but might replace both as it has 2 power supply's.  does it show a lead time?
Agent: Ahh OK. I can check internally to see if we can transfer inventory over. One moment Is it alright if I email you back with an update? Currently waiting to see if we can transfer 2 units for your order.  If we're unable to transfer, we're expecting to get more around the end of March
Customer: sure my email is don@itosolutions.net.
Agent: Awesome, thanks Don. Hope to have an update for you soon. Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: I'm guessing the server is out of warranty but how do you check warranty for servers if you have the serial number?  is there a link?  i couldn't find it on website
Agent: If you purchased from a reseller, you would generally check with the reseller for warranty information.  Did you purchase this server directly from Supermicro?
Customer: I don't know where or when the customer purchased.  I was hoping the serial number would provide some information about date and configuration
Agent: From what I can see, the system was built in 2015, so I'm assuming it may not have warranty on it anymore.
Customer: yeah i'm sure its out by now ... about time to replace 🙂
Agent: That might be a good idea 🙂 
Customer: Thanks for the help and i'll look for email.
Agent: No problem at all Don! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Don Kezsely left the following comment: Jim was great and helpful. Hello. How may I help you? Hi Kyle, my business has a sales tax exemption for manufacturing. Where can I send/upload our certificate to be able to make tax-exempt orders?
Agent: Hi Kate, sure I can help you with that We do accept tax-exempt, but it would be applied after the purchase not during the time of purchase.

In order to apply for tax exemption, you would need to provide valid certificate, which you can send to eStore-support@supermicro.com along with your order number.

Your tax-exempt request will be processed after we have verified that the certificate is valid. 
It usually takes up to 10 business days for the tax amount to return back to your original form of payment.
  Before submitting a request, please review the tax exempt guide carefully.  Incomplete or incorrect submissions will be rejected.
https://store.supermicro.com/tax-exemption-guide
 
Customer: Great! Thanks, Kyle!
Agent: You're welcome Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: That's it
Agent: Ok sounds good. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Bye! Hello. How may I help you? Hi Where can I find MCP-290-41803-0N ?
Agent: Hi Nagib Let me check for you I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry that product on our eStore. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: No, Thank You.
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Mariela!
Customer: Hello, I need 20 of CBL-SAST-0973-1T but it says that only 11 are in stock. Do you have enough inventory so I can complete the order?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  It looks like we do. I'll need to request a transfer on my end, which will take several hours to complete. I can send you an email once the transfer has completed so you can proceed with purchasing Is mariela.barragan@itiengineering.com a good email to reach you at?
Customer: yes
Agent: Perfect. Hope to have an update for you soon Mariela Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: No that is everything.
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: You too, thanks! Hello. How may I help you? looking for qty 2 of FAN-0154L4
Agent: Hi William! Please give me a moment while I check for you.  We may be able to transfer an additional unit over, but the transfer itself will take several hours to complete if it's approved. I'll get the transfer request started and follow up with you via email, if that's alright.
Customer: Okay, thanks.  We will hold off on placing the order in the shopping cart until we hear confirmation from you. Thanks again!
Agent: No problem! While I have you, were you still interested in the 2x 5019C-MR systems you inquired about last week? Is there anything we can do in regards to the configuration?
Customer: Yes, that is what we are discussing today.  We would have preferred the  SYS-510T-MR with the E-2388G, but that does not seem to be an option from the Store at the moment.  We will probably start with the configuration we discussed to at least get the evaluation under way.
Agent: Ahh OK. Thank you for the update! 
Customer: One question, what are the specifications and manufacture/model of the memory modules?Will check back in a bit, and will update you regarding the system order.
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  It would be Micron: https://store.supermicro.com/16gb-ddr4-mem-dr416l-cv02-eu26.html
Customer: Thank you for the information. I will pass it along to engineering.
Agent: No problem William! I'll also hope to have an update for you soon regarding the fan Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: Give me a couple of hours. I hope to have an answer by then. Thank you.
Agent: That's greatly appreciated, thank you again and no problem It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Have a nice day as well! William Berring left the following comment: Efficient, friendly service! Hello. How may I help you? hello
Agent: Hi Thomas ! 
Customer: so my company buys thousands of supermicro boards per year, and we are looking to automate some of the bios tasks. i see that i can use the sum tool, but we do not want to purchase a license for every board. is there a way that we can use the sum tool without a license? or is there a license that we can pay for that will work on all boards and not be tied to a mac address?
Agent: OOB licence is for customer to use when you are not physically with the server.  You can use SUM without a license.  https://www.supermicro.com/SwDownload/UserInfo.aspx?sw=0&cat=SUM We don't have anything that we can sell one license and it will work in all boards unfortunately. It goes by the BMC MAC address Since your company buys a lot of Supermicro motherboards each year, do you have a Supermicro sales rep ?
Customer: Chat is idle due to 10 minutes of inactivity
Agent: We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email    It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Salvatore!
Customer: Hello,
I purchased SFT-DCMS-SINGLE through a 3rd party since I'm in Canada and cannot purchase the license directly. They are telling me that SuperMicro is requesting  MAC address before a license key can be issued. I'm going to assume the mac address is for a NIC on the computer the software will be installed on.   Computers tend to have multiple NICs so which one would you require? I have multiple SuperMicro server that I planned to manage from a desktop system Does this software have to be installed and run from the Server itself of can it run from a desktop?
Agent: The software license is an all-in-one solution to manage and monitor Supermicro servers in an IT datacenter from a single console view. It will need to install with the BMC MAC address https://store.supermicro.com/pub/media/wysiwyg/productspecs/SFT-DCMS-SINGLE/How-to-generate-DCMS-keys.pdf
please follow this guide https://staging-store.supermicro.com/software/dcms-key-activation-guide
Customer: For the first link I cannot follow those instructions as I cannot purchase the software directly.
The second link is invalid.
Agent: I'm sorry. if you cannot access to the second link. Please find it at this link https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-server-manager-dcms-license-key-sft-dcms-single.html at resource tab. activate DCMS keys
Customer: The How to Activate DCMS Key link does not work. Neither does the DCMS FAQ link on that page.
Agent: The link is work for me. Can you please change the browser to see if it works? I assumed the third party has to help you generate the key and provide it to you
Customer: These links below do not work in a different browser.
https://staging-store.supermicro.com/faq#software-dcms https://staging-store.supermicro.com/software/dcms-key-activation-guide Yes the 3Rd party would be generating the key.
Agent: I can send you the screenshot to your email. Can I email you via Sal.Rinaldi@gmail.com?
Customer: Sure.
Agent: I will email you shortly with the screenshot of the activated link. Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: Just one question. Does SFT-DCMS-SINGLE software only manage the machine it's installed on?
Agent: yes, it is
Customer: The name Data Center Management Suite is very misleading then. Data Center implies systems within a data center.
Agent: Supermicro DataCenter Management Suite per Node License Key (SFT-DCMS-SINGLE). It is per node which mean per server
Customer: I stand corrected. I'll try on one node to see if it's worth the cost.
Agent: Sound good! Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: No that was all. Many thanks.
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hello Joe
Agent: Hi Charles! 
Customer: I am trying to find the right passive heatsink for our 1u supermicro server I narrowed it down, but still dont know
Agent: What is the server complete part number please ?
Customer: SuperServer 1028R-WMRT
Agent: SNK-P0047PSC https://store.supermicro.com/1u-passive-cpu-cooler-snk-p0047psc.html?queryID=b31d2af7ad5529526444f20516f786b5&objectID=256&indexName=supermicro_default_products 1U Passive Front CPU Heat Sink w/ a Side Air Channel for X9, X10 Systems Equipped with a Narrow ILM MB
Customer: ok perfect thanks al ot
Agent: and the other one is SNK-P0057PS https://store.supermicro.com/1u-passive-cpu-cooler-snk-p0057ps.html?queryID=44c0e946d54a075ac4db9a8e26bb7e40&objectID=97&indexName=supermicro_default_products 1U High Performance Passive CPU Heat Sink for X9, X10 Systems Equipped w/ a Narrow ILM MB
Customer: gotcha, one is for the front and the other is for the rear
Agent: Correct
Customer: channelled for front ok cool
Agent: You can also find more info through product page https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/system/1U/1028/SYS-1028R-WMRT.cfm Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: thats all, thanks a lot
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: take care
Agent: You too! Thanks!
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Thomas
Customer: hello, i am trying to use the sum tool directly on a server, and it is telling me that i need a license to complete the command i am trying to run. i was told by another agent that the licenses are only required when trying to remotely access the unit, and was wondering what the issue is.
Agent: Yes, the license is only need for remote access. Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: specifically, i am trying to save the bios config to a xml file. we have been trying to automate setting the bios config as we typically deal with thousands of supermicro boards a year.
Agent: I see. You can contact our Tech Support at Support@Supermicro.com or Tel: +1 408-503-8000 for run sum directly on server. Is there anything else I may help you with today?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email    It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hello. could you give a list of SuperMicro network adapters that are compatible and fit into this chassis and motherboard Chassis: SC514-505
Agent: Hi Tim
Customer: Motherboard: X10DRD-iT
Agent: Let me check if there are any
Customer: Awesome. Thank you for sending that over
Agent: You're welcome Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: That will be all. Have a nice day.
Agent: Thank you! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Thomas
Customer: hello i am running into an issue with the sum tool. Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Ray!
Customer: I have a 2 U with 8x3.5 bay drive, just bought a LSI SAS9207-8i need the right cable from LSI to 2U backplane
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  Do you have your exact chassis model number?
Customer: let me check
Agent: Thank you!
Customer: CSE-825
Agent: Thanks. Please give me a moment while I check for you.  Please bear with me for a few more minutes while I check for you. 
Customer: OK The LSI is a HBA controller
Agent: OK. And it looks like the connectors on the LSI are SFF-8087?
Customer: the ? is
Agent: Can you confirm if the connectors on the LSI card are SAS? mini-SAS
Customer: SAS
Agent: And backplane is also mini-SAS right?
Customer: Not sure. Let me check
Agent: Thanks Ray. I couldn't find what the exact backplane was for an 825 chassis so I just want to be sure
Customer: checking for part # on bacplane right now SAS825TQ , Serial # EB16BS028632 Hope this can help
Agent: Thanks Ray! That's extremely helpful Sorry, please bear with me for a few more minutes. System is sort of slow on my end
Customer: Sure 1m Serial Attached SCSI SAS Cable - SFF-8087 to 4x SATA SAS cable what is your part # for this in estore
Agent: For minisas to 4x SATA, it would be this cable

https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-internal-reverse-breakout-crossover-minisas-to-4-sata-58-58-58-58cm-cable-cbl-0294l-02.html
Customer: perfect, but any with 90 D angle
Agent: Here you go:
https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-reverse-breakout-cross-over-minisas-hd-to-4-sata-75-75-75-75cm-with-sideband-75cm-cable-cbl-sast-0823.html Actually wait, that's minisas-HD I don't think we carry a 90D version for just minisas https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-internal-right-angle-minisas-to-4-sata-75-75-90-90cm-with-sideband-90cm-cable-cbl-sast-0644.html
Customer: Thanks, I believe that's the right one.
Agent: You're welcome Ray. Apologies again for the delay. Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: most helpful, thank you very much..
Agent: No problem at all. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Michael !
Customer: The site is saying that the email address MP_IT@mcentireproduce.com is not confirmed. The email for confirmation is not coming through.
Agent: I see. Can you check your spam folder? I just resend another confirmation key email
Customer: I am on our sendio accout for spam filtering and showing all. It is not there. Please try again.. Finally.. Just got something.
Agent: That's good. Everything is good to go ? Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Nope. Thanks
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hi Kyle, we are interested in a SYS-210P-FRDN6T but cant find it in the estore. Is it available or is there a vendor that resells?
Agent: Hi Camren Yeah we don't carry that particular server on the eStore so you'll have to check with our resellers/distributors: https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy or reach out to Sales at Sales-USA@supermicro.com Were you just looking for this one server?
Customer: Yes, and components. We have a specific use case this looks good for.
Agent: Ahh I see. Do you have an eStore account with us? I can also provide you access to what we offer in terms of servers 
Customer: Yes, should be under my email.
Agent: ok let me check Ok you should have access to our servers section on the eStore when you log into your account. The server you're looking for isn't available but if there's anything that catches your eye and need assistance on, please let us know.  Otherwise, that specific one you want, please check with Sales or our resellers.
Customer: OK, we'll go that route. Thank you!
Agent: You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: No that was all
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Darwin
Customer: Need a quote on 40 pcs of ST1000NX0313 Drives
Agent: Can you please filling the request for quote form at this link https://store.supermicro.com/quote#HDD-2T1000-ST1000NX0313? Our quote agent will email you back as soon as possible for 40pcs quote.
Customer: Do you have stock?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: TY
Agent: We should be able request more stock for you. Our quote agent also can help you for that. If the volume quote looks good for you, please let our quote agent know. They will request more stock for you.
Customer: That didnt answer my question
Agent: I'm sorry if it is not clear. We currently have 5 pcs on eStore but we can request more stock. The transfer process just take some hours to complete. Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: No TY
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? do you have installation instructions for passive GPU kit MCP-320-74702-oN-Kit?
Agent: Hi Phil! Please give me a moment while I check for you.  I'll have to check internally to see if there are any instructions that we can provide. Is it alright if I follow up with you via email?
Customer: sure
Agent: Thanks Phil. Is philip-oneill@ouhsc.edu a good email to reach yyou at?
Customer: yes
Agent: Perfect, I'll reach out once I have an update. Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: that's it - thanks
Agent: No problem! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Can you tell me if SYS-5019P-WTR is still a current product ?
Agent: Hi Mark Yeah it It is current and available on the eStore.
Customer: Great thank you
Agent: You're welcome. There is a newer version in SYS-510P-WTR too https://store.supermicro.com/sys-510p-wtr.html
Customer: will this be replacing the 5019P ?
Agent: Eventually, but not anytime soon yet. 
Customer: ok thank you
Agent: one just uses 3rd gen scalable cpus while the other is on 2nd gen Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: all set....thank you
Agent: Np sounds good! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hi Liz
Agent: Hi Hung!
Customer: I am following up with my request yesterday for releasing 25 of (CBL-0097L-02) for my order
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: Please advise if you currently carry these thanks
Agent: We currently carry it. The transfer process is just didn't complete yet. Can I email you back via s910372@hotmail.com when the inventory is ready? I'm so sorry for this unexpected long waiting 
Customer: Yes. Please. How long do you think it will take?
Agent: I try to push up the process, it would be ready in couple hours. I will email you as soon as the inventory is ready
Customer: Thank you. I was requesting this thru another rep yesterday and expected to order them this morning. Hope this time it will work.
Agent: I'm so sorry for this inconvenience. I contacted internally to push up this request.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: Thank you so much Liz.
Agent: You're welcome. 
Customer: I am good. Thank you!
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: 🙂 Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Steven!
Customer: Hi I'm trying to get  part MCP-260-00106-0N Is it available directly from Supermicro. I cant locate one anywgere!
Agent: It's not a part that we carry on our eStore, but you can try checking with our RMA team to see if they can sell this part to you.

RMA department email address: rma@supermicro.com
RMA department part phone #: 1-408-503-8000 option 3
 Otherwise you'll have to check with our resellers for availability
https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy

Customer: Thank you! None of your resellers have it. Thanks!
Agent: Ahh OK. No problem! Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: mo.. thank you for the advice.
Agent: Of course 🙂 It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Do you sell the AMD CPU Servers in the eStore?
Agent: Hi Micheal The only AMD one we sell is the threadripper workstation AS- 5014A-TT: https://store.supermicro.com/amd-threadripper-workstation-as-5014a-tt-pre-config.html We don't have any AMD rackmount servers available unfortunately. 
Customer: Is it available by special order?
Agent: The AMD rackmount servers? No unfortunately, what we offer currently on the eStore is what we have for now. 
Customer: Well that is unfortunate
Agent: For any AMD servers, you will have to check with our Sales team at Sales-USA@supermicro.com or with our resellers Yeah its a bummer, wish we offered AMD servers too
Customer: Oh well I will ping sales THank you!
Agent: Sounds good and you're welcome! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Nope that it is it! Thanks!
Agent: Np! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Doug!
Customer: Purchasing 6 Supermicro SC836BA-R920B 3U Chassis 16x3.5-in SAS/SATA Hot-Swap R-920W CSE-836BA-R920Brying to purchase 6
Agent: Are you looking to purchase hot swap drive?
Customer: chassis Supermicro SC836BA-R920B 3U Chassis 16x3.5-in SAS/SATA Hot-Swap R-920W CSE-836BA-R920B
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry any chassis on our eStore. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.
https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy 
Customer: Did not find any at resellers
Agent: I'm sorry to hear that. You also can check with our Sale team for purchasing chassis at Sales-USA@supermicro.com
Tel: +1 408-503-8000   Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: Thanks
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: no thank you
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Luis!
Customer: Hello.  We got several SM servers and we need to run the sum command to extract the RAID config, but it says this: SFT-DCMS-SINGLE node product key is not activated. Checked in the OOB access, in the miscellaneus menu and the Node Product Key status is Activated. Is there any other activation that we need to do in order to extract the RAID info with the sum command?
Agent: Since you've already checked that your OOB is active, I would suggest checking with our technical support team to further troubleshoot this issue.

 Support@Supermicro.com
 1-408-503-8000

Customer: this is the command that I'm running sum -i server -u ***** -p ***** -c GetRaidCfg --file RAIDCfg.txt Ok, I will send an email with the details.  Thanks for your help!
Agent: No problem Luis! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: No, think we're ready.  That's the issue that I have.  Thanks again!
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: You too!! Bye Hello. How may I help you? hi do you ship to Canada?
Agent: Hi Chris No we don't unfortunately, I'm sorry You'll have to check with our resellers: https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy or contact Sales at Sales-USA@supermicro.com
Customer: ok thanks i also have another question about on of you products
Agent: Sure, how can I assist
Customer: https://store.supermicro.com/8-pin-to-8-pin-24cm-power-cable-cbl-cdat-0674.html?queryID=83e87bce2141fdc52ffe30bae0b6c0f9&objectID=2758&indexName=supermicro_default_products what the width of the connector part? im not sure if they are a standardized size or not
Agent: let me check
Customer: since i,m trying to replace an 8 pin connector to my motherboard (gigabyte laptop) ok thanks
Agent: the white connector?
Customer: the white and black are different sizes?
Agent: not sure from the angle so I'm checking
Customer: ok thanks
Agent: P2 is wider than P1, but it doesn't give me any measurements unfortunately.  P1 is the black connector P2 is the white connector
Customer: do you have an 8 pin to 8 pin for motherboards that are the same size on both ends?
Agent: Checking That might be the only one as the other 8 pin to 8 pin cables are for motherboard to gpu power
Customer: oh sorry i meant power supply to motherboard
Agent: Sorry for the delay, that looks to be the only cable, checking on 1 more
Customer: ok
Agent: Nvm, the one I was looking at was for GPU as well You may want to check with our technical support team at support@supermicro.com on this cable as they may be able to provide you the width of this cable connector?
Customer: Alright thanks for the help
Agent: You're welcome
Customer: il keep look on one of you guys partner websites have a nice day :)
Agent: Ok sounds good. Thank you! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day as well, goodbye! 
Customer: chris chilviet canceled the chat rating chris chilviet left the following comment: fast respons Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi MANOJ!
Customer: HI... I HAVE  ONE SERVER-C813MLG42NE0397 kindly check its warranty period
Agent: I'm sorry. I cannot find any information for C813MLG42NE0397. Can I have the serial number for this, please? 
Customer: CSE-813M
Agent: I'm sorry. This is not the serial number for chassis or server. Do you happen to see other number from the label? If you are checking from the chassis. Please check from this picture
Customer: Supermicro Sr No-C813MLG42NE0397
Agent: Ohh. I'm sorry. I found your serial number on other database source.
Customer: OK May you provide me the status of warranty
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: ok pls I am eagerly waiting
Agent: All the warranty are expired Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: ok what is the cost of motherboard
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry motherboard on our eStore. Please check with our resellers and distributors for price and availability.
https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy  Or you can also contact our Sale team at Sales-USA Tel: +1 408-503-8000  
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Erik! 
Customer: hi i just buy mbd-x12spa-tf but in unable to boot the rom for RSTe to set raid i set legacy uefi etc  but it dont show up do i must install the vroc key to boot
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: normaly it boot up and i have a trial
Agent: What drives do you have and what controller do you use ?
Customer: the onboard controller(intel RSTe)  i have 2 mvme 512gb samsung 980 pro  and 14TB Xeos 2 14TB seagate exos
Agent: What do you have for a trial ?
Customer: well on the older board the op rom boot and it show me i have a trial (X99) but now look like they are no rom to press control+L to enter the intel bios rst
Agent: I see. Usually under BIOS advanced tab, at the bottom you can set up the RAID under Intel Virtual RAID on chip Which is VROC
Customer: i dont see the option
Agent: X12 is default using UEFI
Customer: i wii show you picture
Agent: In this case, please contact Supermicro support for debugging the issue Please email support@supermicro.com 
Customer: mabe its besaus vroc key not installed i wait its in the mail loll now it show up ok i say notting
Agent: It is showing now ?
Customer: yep mabe its becaus un not in uefi but it dont show my mvme drive
Agent: NVMe drives needs VROC for sure
Customer: ok and it will show up here i was thinkin its in the rom at boot
Agent: I will think to contact our Support team would be the best choice in your case
Customer: ok but its ok but now i wait the vroc key
Agent: Please email support@supermicro.com , they usually reply really quickly 
Customer: i will contact later
Agent: I see Sure, sounds good Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hi May i know what is different PWS-2K03P-1R and PWS-2K02P-1R?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  PWS-2K03P-1R Rev 1.2 and later supports DC240V input. That's what I can find so far What is the Supermicro server or chassis part number that you are using? I can check the compatibility
Customer: please wait is it help?
Agent: Yes, Please give me a moment while I check for you.  825TQ-R740LPB uses PWS-741P-1R  and   SYS-2028GR-TRH  uses  PWS-2K03P-1R 
Customer: yes.can i use PWS-2K02P-1R in this SYS-2028GR-TRH server? because i can't get PWS-2K03P-1R power supply.Can i replace this PSU to this SYS-2028GR-TRH server?
Agent: I can check internally for the compatibility for you. Can I email you after I get some answers ?  Is itpartsolution@hotmail.com the best email to reach you ?
Customer: itpartsolution@hotmail.com yes
Agent: Thanks! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: may i know when can i get your answer?
Agent: Hopefully within today 
Customer: okay thank
Agent: I will email you as soon as I can Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: no,thank your help.it is useful fo me
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Andy
Customer: PWS-2K03P-1R do you have stock now?
Agent: Unfortunately, we are out of stock for PWS-2K03P-1R . Do you want me to check the ETA for you?
Customer: any replacement part for this item?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  I'm sorry, PWS-2K03P-1R is still active; therefore, we don't have a replacement for this power supply yet. May I know where are you located, please?
Customer: Malaysia
Agent: I see. I'm sorry, but unfortunately, our Supermicro eStore currently only ships within the United States. Please check with our resellers and distributors in Malaysia for availability.
https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy 
Customer: okay.thank your information link
Agent: You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com 
Customer: Chat is idle due to 10 minutes of inactivity
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? I know the SYS-5019C-M is out of stock but I was wondering if you have an ETA on when it will be back.
Agent: Hi Curtis! Let me check for you really quick
Customer: Thank you!
Agent: Can I ask how many units you were looking for?
Customer: At this time just one.
Agent: Thanks Curtis. We're currently checking internally if we can transfer one of these systems for you. 
Customer: Oh thank you!
Agent: While we're waiting, what specifications were you looking at? Just so I can double check inventory for the components as well
Customer: I won't be the one making the actual purchase. It will be lpanko@panthersys.com Just one moment and I'll will get you the specs we need.
Agent: Ahh OK. Thanks Curtis!
Customer: I work on the servers and pick what we buy but out purchasing person actually makes the purchase. :)
Agent: It looks like I found the configuration for your 5019C-M system back in December. I'm guessing it would mirror this configuration?  	CPU
Intel® Xeon® E-2286G Processor 6-Core 4.00 GHz 12MB Cache (95W) 
	1 	  
 	Memory
16GB DDR4 2666MHz ECC UDIMM Server Memory 
	2 	  
 	M.2
240GB M.2 D3-S4510 SATA Solid State Drive 
	1 	  
 	Storage
 Hard Drive  1TB 3.5" DC HA210 7200 RPM SATA3 6Gb/s 128MB Cache 512N Hard Drive 
	1 	  
 	Networking
2 RJ45 Gigabit Ethernet LAN Ports 
	1 	  
 	Operating System
Microsoft Windows Server 2019 Standard (16-Core) 
	1 	  

Customer: Yes, actually it would be exactly like that one.
Agent: Perfect, I'll check on these components right now to make sure everything is in stock.
Customer: Excellent! Thank you so much! I really appreciate it.
Agent: Looks like everything else for this system is in stock, but it may be a bit before I hear back about the 5019C-M. Did you want me to just follow up with you via email once I get an update?
Customer: Thank you be perfect. That would be perfect.
Agent: No problem! I'll email you back at callworth@panthersys.com once I hear back Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: That was it. Thanks again and have a wonderful day!
Agent: You too as well Curtis!
Customer: Curtis Allworth left the following comment: Jim is AWESOME and very helpful! Hello. How may I help you? Hi i have a 4310 xeon but il run only at 2.6ghz max Mbd-x12spa-tf-0 Il supposer max clock is 3.6
Agent: I see. I am sorry but please check with support on this issue. They can be reached at +1-408-503-8000. or email to support@supermicro.com
Customer: Ok
Agent: Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hi Kyle!  I have a system (SYS-1029U-TRT) that comes with the following rails set - MCP-290-00102-0N.  the length is 25.6" to 33.05".  I was wondering if there is a compatible shorter length rail kit available for this system?
Agent: Hi Chris Sure let me check for you
Customer: Thank you!
Agent: It doesn't look like there's a shorter rail kit for this one unfortunately. The other alternative was also up to 33.05" You may have to try the universal rail kit from a 3rd party vendor like Rack Solutions as they may have longer versions https://www.racksolutions.com/  or shorter Weird how there isn't a short one for this server, but hopefully we can release one for it
Customer: ahhh ok awesome!  Thank you very much for the racksolutions recommendation!  I will search and see whats available Thank you, Kyle!
Agent: You're welcome and sounds good!  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: nope, that was it.  Thank you!
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Thank you and you too! Chris Morales left the following comment: Great and timely service! Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Derek!
Customer: hello,  i am looking for availability for PWS-351-1H ATX Power Supply
Agent: Sure, let me check for you. 
Customer: i have checked with another vendor that sells your products and they claim they are in stock but ship directly from supermicro.  i figured i would just go to the source to verify
Agent: May I know how many of PWS-351-1H do you want?
Customer: i am looking for 1
Agent: Thank you! We should have it in stock. Please give me a moment while I update inventory for you. 
Customer: ok
Agent: The inventory has been updated. You can add 1 to your cart now. https://store.supermicro.com/350w-1u-pws-351-1h.html
Customer: fantastic, thank you
Agent: You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: that was all i needed.  thank you
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hello, Could you provide a ROHS and REACH certificate for CBL-SAST-0933?
Agent: Hi Amy! Sure. I'll need to check internally for these documents, so it may take some time. Is it alright if I email you back once I get an update?
Customer: yes that would be great thank you
Agent: Perfect, thank you! I'll email you at amy.le@panasonic.aero once I have both certificates. Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: yes that would be all thank you very muc
Agent: No problem at all. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? hi
Agent: Hi Alex!
Customer: what is the difference beetwen HDD-2A01T-NECR, HDD-2A01T-1KECR and HDD-2A01T-1EECR
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  The HDD-2A01T-1KECR sector is 4kn while the other 2 sectors are 512e. May I know your Supermicro motherboard part number, please? I can help you find the validated drive for you. They also might different by the compatibility with Supermicro motherboard. Do you want me to check validated drive for your Supermicro motherboard?
Customer: supreserver 1028r-mctr
Agent: Thank you! Please give me a moment while I check for you.  The HDD-2A01T-1EECR and HDD-2A01T-1KECR are validated with your system. The HDD-2A01T-1KECR is HDD, 2.5",SAS, 1TB,7.2K,4KN,Enterprise,CMR,STD/Regular
HDD-2A01T-1EECR is HDD, 2.5",SAS, 1TB,7.2K,512E,Enterprise,CMR,STD/Regular You also can check for other validated hard drive for the system SYS-1028R-MCTR at this link https://www.supermicro.com/en/support/resources/hdd/systemhdd?ProductID=84683&ctrl=61
Customer: what the diference beetwen 4kn and 512e
Agent: The 4Kn is the advanced format in which the physical sectors and logical sectors are both 4,096 bytes in size.
The 512e is the advanced format in which the physical sector size is 4,096 bytes, but the logical sector size emulates 512 bytes sector size. Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: I want to make the payment from Bolivia, no problem?
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, our Supermicro eStore currently only ships within the United States. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.
https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy  Is there anything else I may help you with today?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? I am trying to place an order for my IT department.  I was given a quote but I am not finding the same description as on the quote I rec'd.
Agent: Hi Tammy! Can I ask what P/N was on the quote?
Customer: Supermicro (HGST) 4TB 3.5" 7200RPM SATA3 6Gb/s
256M Internal Hard Drive (HDD-3T04T-1EECR)
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  When I search for that P/N, this is the drive that I'm finding: https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-hgst-4tb-3-5-7200rpm-sata3-6gb-s-256m-internal-hard-drive-hdd-t4tb-hus726t4tale6l4.html?
Customer: The quote I have has (HDD-3T04T-1EECR)
Agent: The drive itself has 2 P/Ns, HDD-3T04T-1EECR and HDD-T4TB-HUS726T4TALE6L4. This drive is essentially HDD-3T04T-1EECR but if you'd like, I can double check internally for you and follow up via email
Customer: Yes, please double check.  I'm not a computer person so I want to make sure I am ordering what he is requesting.
Agent: No problem at all Tammy. I'll follow up with you at thimes@huntcounty.net once I've confirmed that they are the same drive. Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: I just sent you a copy of the quote.
Agent: Perfect, that's very helpful. Thank you Tammy!
Customer: I'm going to need to order this using a credit card.  Can I place my order with you?
Agent: Unfortunately, you'll need to create an eStore account and place the order on your own. You can create an account here:
https://store.supermicro.com/customer/account/create/
Customer: Ok, I just want to make sure I'm ordering the correct item.
Agent: Of course. I'll email you once I've verified internally that this drive is indeed HDD-3T04T-1EECR
Customer: Thank you
Agent: Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: No, That is all
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: You too Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Hunt County Info. Systems! 
Customer: How do I get the tax exemption? I work for Hunt County, we are tax exempt
Agent: We do accept tax-exempt, but it would be applied after the purchase not during the time of purchase.

In order to apply for tax exemption, you would need to provide valid certificate, which you can send to eStore-support@supermicro.com along with your order number.

Your tax-exempt request will be processed after we have verified that the certificate is valid. 
It usually takes up to 10 business days for the tax amount to return back to your original form of payment.
  Before submitting a request, please review the tax exempt guide carefully.  Incomplete or incorrect submissions will be rejected.
https://store.supermicro.com/tax-exemption-guide
 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? where is my Quote
Agent: Hi Ralph Let me check for you https://store.supermicro.com/full-tower-sys-740a-t-pre-config.html Price is $5,107.23
Customer: I have many items to add
Agent: Oh ok, what items did you want to add?
Customer: 12 x 16GB PC4-25600 3200MHz DDR4 ECC RDIMM 4 x 1TB Micron 3400 M.2 PCIe 4.0 x4 NVMe Solid State Drive
Agent: Ok got it Anything else?
Customer: 8 x 2.0TB or 4.0TB   SAS3 12.0GB/s 7200RPM - 3.5" - Seagate Exos 7E10 Series (512e/4Kn)
Agent: Intel® Xeon® Gold 5317 is the CPU you want correct?
Customer: drives are 4 -4 TB
Agent: So you want 8 pcs of 4TB Hard Drive?
Customer: 4
Agent: Ok got it
Customer: Broadcom MegaRAID 9560-8i SAS3/SATA/NVMe 8-Port RAID Controller -                                 4GB Cache - PCIe 4.0 x8
Agent: For the 1TB M.2, we only have Intel P4511 available if that's ok We can only add 2 pcs of M.2 btw as well
Customer: NO 4 x 1TB Micron 3400 M.2 PCIe 4.0 x4 NVMe Solid State Drive
Agent: Ok, yeah unfortunately, we don't have the Micron 3400 available  It is not validated with this workstation that's why
Customer: What are specs
Agent: For the Intel M.2?
Customer: P4511
Agent: Intel DC P4511 1TB NVMe M.2 22x110mm up to 1DWPD https://ark.intel.com/content/www/us/en/ark/products/137107/intel-ssd-dc-p4511-series-1-0tb-m-2-110mm-pcie-3-1-x4-3d2-tlc.html
Customer: NO good!
Agent: Would a 7300 PRO 960GB work? Micron
Customer: Check it or Remove all M.2
Agent: We can remove all the M.2 then, that's fine
Customer: What are specs
Agent: For the Micron 7300 Pro https://media-www.micron.com/-/media/client/global/documents/products/product-flyer/7300_nvme_ssd_product_brief.pdf?la=en&rev=da2975e795564587b3399f555fef6c5d
Customer: No good 3.0 gen
Agent: Ok, will just remove all M.2 then since we don't offer Micron 3400
Customer: is Micron 3400 listed with SMC and no stock?
Agent: It's not listed for this workstation because its not validated to work with it so it's not an option
Customer: Then it should be Y buy 4.0 MBD
Agent: Yeah understandable, sorry about that. The NVMe (non-M2) do have Gen4 options but those are probably not what you want.
Customer: Remove Raid
Agent: Ok will do so just the 4 pcs of 4TB Seagate Exos for storage?
Customer: Can you email were we are?
Agent: Yeah I can btw, 9560-8i is not an option available, we only have LSI 3108 or S3908L
Customer: Remove all Raid
Agent: Ok sounds good just keep the 4 x 4TB hard drives then? Oh I see, you'll need the controller for the SAS drives
Customer: They are SAS3 they all well be removed by SMC, one Sata 4TB could work.
Agent: Ok just 1 4TB SATA drive will be included then Any other additions? Did you still want the TPM 2.0?
Customer: YES
Agent: Ok got it, thanks! I have so far: 

SYS-740A-T
2 x Intel® Xeon® Gold 5317
12 x 16GB Memory 3200
1 x 4TB SATA HDD
1 x TPM 2.0
Customer: Send Quote so i can see.
Agent: Will do, via email or this chat? Ok will do For the 4TB HDD, did you want 512E/4KN? Prefer Seagate correct?
Customer: yes
Agent: ok got it Can I help you with anything else?  I will send you the quote via email if nothing else
Customer: I will review the email tomorrow.
Agent: Ok sounds good
Customer: End
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Ralph Wostenberg left the following comment: KY did good. I did not. Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Lisa!
Customer: Hi Liz, I'm needing assistance in  removing the Keyboard & Mouse combo from the order I'm currently creating.
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  We can create the pre-config link for you. May I have your configuration please?
Customer: Supermicro 1U SuperServer 5019C-MR
Xeon E-2224G, 2x 16GB Memory, 1TB 3.5" DC Hard Drive, 240GB M.2 D3-S4510 SATA, Server 2019 Standard
Agent: Thank you for your information. Can I email you back via lpanko@panthersys.com for the pre-config link?
Customer: yes, please
Agent: Thank you! Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: that should be good. Eta on link?
Agent: I will email you as soon as I finished it. I'm working on it now. Should be less than an hour.
Customer: Thanks so much! :)
Agent: You're welcome. I will email you soon. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hello. I would like to know what TPM modules are appropriate for a Supermicro X11SDV-8C-TP8F motherboard?
Agent: Hi Salvatore! Please give me a moment while I check for you.  AOM-TPM-9670V-S & AOM-TPM-9670H-S Unfortunately, we don't carry TPM modules on our eStore so you would have to check with our resellers.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy
Customer: Would you have a link to documentation on those modules?
Agent: Yes, one moment https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/accessories/addon/AOM-TPM-9670V-S_H-S.php The only difference between the 2 modules is the orientation, V is vertical, H is horizontal Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: Is AOM-TPM-9670V-O a valid module?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  Yes, it's a valid module that you can use
Customer: Is there documentation on it?
Agent: Let me check internally to see if we have any documentation. It doesn't look like we have documentation for the -O module
Customer: Okay. Thanks. If I can't find the first one I'll try the -O module.
Agent: Sounds good, and no problem! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: No that was it. Thank you and have a good day.
Agent: You as well, Salvatore!
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Jonathan!
Customer: Hey I'm interested in that server SKU, I was wondering about the power supply PWS-1K02A-1R. Do you have nay info on the noise level in comparison to your SQ versions (since those are notcompatible with this server)
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: alright, thanks!
Agent: Please bear with me for a few more minutes while I check for you. 
Customer: no worries, take your time
Agent: Unfortunately, I don't have any noise level for this power supply. I can check internally for this information. Can I email you back via jonathanx01228@gmail.com?
Customer: sure
Agent: Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: No, that would be all for now, than you so much for looking into this
Agent: You're welcome. I will email you as soon as I have the answer. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hello Jim, Do you have a page where I can custom build a storage server to mix and match parts?
Agent: Hi Joseph! Yes, we do. Can you go ahead and create a user account on our eStore?

https://store.supermicro.com/customer/account/create/ Please let me know what email address you used for the account and I'll enable server configurator access for you.
Customer: JosephRecendez@clovisusd.k12.ca.us
Agent: OK, please give me one moment I couldn't find an account associated to that email address. Can you confirm if it's been created and verified successfully?
Customer: Just finished confirming email
Agent: Perfect, I see your account now Your account should now have access to our 'Systems' tab on the eStore. You may need to log out/log in again before you can access it. https://store.supermicro.com/system.html Did you need any assistance looking for a server? Or would you just like to browse and come back if you had any questions
Customer: I will browse and come back. Thank you for you help.
Agent: No problem Joseph! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hey Kyle
Agent: Hi Yury
Customer: Need to ask a few questions, looking for a server with High core count AMD processor. Comparing to a Dell system with AMD EPYC 7752 (48Core) / 2 Processor
Agent: The only AMD server we have available is our threadripper workstation AS -5014A-TT, which can get up to 64 cores: https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-threadripper-performance-workstation-as-5014a-tt.html
Customer: Need Rack mounted Also do you provide any discounts towards open source projects? This is for Gentoo Linux infrastructure.
Agent: Unfortunately, we don't have any rackmount AMD servers on the eStore. You'll have to check with our Sales team or resellers for those. No discount for open source project either, sorry. 
Customer: No problem figure I will ask.  How do I get in touch with the sales team?
Agent: Sure, give me one moment No Intel server would work I assume?
Customer: Not enough core counts, top I see is only 32 cores
Agent: Yeah, understandable. AMD doing things right Sales-USA@supermicro.com +1-408-503-8000
Customer: The dell quote I have is for 2 - 48core AMD processors
Agent: They should be able to help you with your request
Customer: Thank you
Agent: You're welcome Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: no that's it
Agent: Ok sounds good. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Janbec!
Customer: Hello In regards to the above mentioned part, does it work with uperServer SYS-6028U-TR4T+ Also I noticed in the specs I only get 10 usable SATA ports on the chassis masking the other in the front useless so if I get this can I still use it if I have 10 SATA drives loaded up front
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you if this MCP-240-82922-0N-OEM works This is compatible with your system. You also can check it on our main site in optional parts list https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/system/2U/6028/SYS-6028U-TR4T_.cfm It is the rear 2x 2.5" HDDs riser bracket kit
Customer: I know it’s compatible, but the system states that it has 12 3.5” drives up front but you can only use 10 if you are using SATA drives so my question is if I buy this can I keep my current 10 drives loaded up front or do I have to sacrifice 2 of them to make this unit work
Agent: Do you mean you want to use this bracket to add 2 drives addition on the 10 SATA drive?
Customer: Yes
Agent: Optional storage card will be required to support more then 10 drives The MCP-240-82922-0N-OEM is the riser card to add 2 optional 2.5" drives at the back for your system. You will need the additional storage controller for that
Customer: I have that additional storage card but only allows me to use 12 SAS drives it won’t let me use 12 SATA drives
Agent: I see. Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: Ok
Agent: Unfortunately, the motherboard of this system only support for 10 SATA drives I can check with our tech support to see if possible to use 12 SATA drive with additional storage card Can I email you back via janbec@gmail.com?
Customer: Yes
Agent: May I also know which additional storage card you use?
Customer:  can you also ask if adding the optional mount gets me 2 more SATA drives or am I bound to the 10 SATA limitiation  LSI 9361-8i 12Gbps 12-port 2U SAS3 12Gbps Direct-attached Backplane
Agent: Thank you for the information. I will add that to the question.
Customer: Thank you very much for your time and help
Agent: You're welcome. It's my pleasure to assist you. Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hi we were looking to get a quote on a  SYS-110C-FHN4T Server.
Agent: I see. Sorry we don't carry 110C-FHN4T but will you be interested in something like SYS-510T-ML ? https://www.supermicro.com/zh_tw/products/system/UP/1U/SYS-510T-ML
Customer: would it be possible to get that model with 10Gb RJ45 network interfaces?
Agent: Let me check
Customer: I need 4 network interfaces total, 2 need to be 10Gb, the other 2 can be 1Gb all RJ45 We currently have a SYS-5018D-FN4T that we're looking to replace with something similar, but just newer
Agent: 2x 1GbE RJ45 comes with server and we can add 2x10Gb RJ45 to AOC slot
Customer: Ok, that's not the PCI slot is it?  I have a card I'll need to add to the system
Agent: It is PCI-E slot
Customer: Ok, do you have anything similar with 2 PCI slots?
Agent: I would like to check and get back to you on this via email. What other specs are you looking in this server?
Customer: We currently have a Xenon D-1541 2.1GHz processor, 64GB RAM, and 2 1TB SSD drives that are raided. so something similar But we'd need the 4 network interfaces, 2 of which need to be 10GB.  plus IPMI interface and a spare PCI slot I think that would cover it I guess the 1U-mini form factor would be nice, but not absolutely neccessary.
Agent: I see One moment Let me look into this and get back to you as soon as I can
Customer: ok thanks, you have my email right?
Agent: You're welcome.  Yes Is it whiterb@sciential.ccom ?
Customer: whiterb@scientiallc.com
Agent: Thanks! Got it !  I will email you then. Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: nope, thanks
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Amy!
Customer: hello Liz Could you provide REACH and ROHS certificate for X11SDV-8C+-TLN2F AOM-TPM-9670V-S
Agent: I'll check internally for REACH and ROHS certificate for both X11SDV-8C+-TLN2F and AOM-TPM-9670V-S for you. Can I email you back via amy.le@panasonic.aero?
Customer: yes thank you very much Liz
Agent: You're welcome. Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: that would be all  thank you
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Andrew
Customer: Hello I'm looking for a CAD model of one of your rail sets:MCP-290-00053-0N
Agent: Unfortunately, we can't provide CAD models for our products. 

You can try checking with our technical support team (Support@Supermicro.com) to see if they can assist you. I apologize for the inconvenience. 
Customer: Ok thank you, could you provide a drawing of the rails?
Agent: Unfortunately, we can't provide that either 😞 Anything that has to do with a model/drawing of the product, we can't provide on our end. Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: understood, thank you no that is all
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Livio !
Customer: I am a reseller to my network security customers. Can I use the estore to buy your servers? Can I enter my CA reseller certificate through the estore?
Agent: You can purchase severs through eStore for sure.  We do accept tax-exempt, but it would be applied after the purchase not during the time of purchase.

In order to apply for tax exemption, you would need to provide valid certificate, which you can send to eStore-support@supermicro.com along with your order number.

Your tax-exempt request will be processed after we have verified that the certificate is valid. 
It usually takes up to 10 business days for the tax amount to return back to your original form of payment.
  Do you have an eStore account set up ?
Customer: Ok, let me see how this works. Can you enable me to configure a couple of servers? I need to buy them for one of my customers.
Agent: Please create an eStore account through this link https://store.supermicro.com/customer/account/create/ Do you have the server access already ?
Customer: Yes I already created it and juast got the email about being able to configure servers. Caan I also buy memory and CPUs?
Agent: Are you purchasing the memory and CPUs separately from the servers?
Customer: Usually I get bare bones and chose the place to buy CPUs and memory  based on pricing and availability
Agent: Our eStore only sells complete systems at the moment
Customer: ok bye.. Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Jens!
Customer: Hello Liz I will setup a RIAD system with the X10SRA-F motherboard and have already installed the HD HGST 0B35950 4TB what is a good match for the second HD
Agent: If you want to setup RAID system, it needs to be the same hard drive HD HGST 0B35950 4TB
Customer: Do you have that available
Agent: Unfortunately, I couldn't find any information for the HD HGST 0B35950 4TB on our back end. Do you have Supermicro SKU part number for this?
Customer: where can I find this number
Agent: Unfortunately, I checked online, our eStore doesn't carry this drive I'm sorry for this inconvenience
Customer: okay thank you but is this drive certified with the motherboard?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  This is the list of all the hard drive that have been validated with this motherboard 
https://www.supermicro.com/en/support/resources/hdd/display?Category=MB&sz=3.&ctrl=74&id=82086661ACB8AB31E25FE4F39F754545&NVMe=0&ProductID=0 I couldn't tell if your drive is validated or not since the HD HGST 0B35950  is not Supermicro part number
Customer: I found a similar drive HUS726T4TALE6L4 but my drive has a different letter HUS726T4TAL"A"6L4 instead the "E" what does that mean
Agent: So your drive is HUS726T4TALE6L4 is that correct?
Customer: no my drive is HUS726T4TALA6L4 before the 6 I have the letter A instead of E
Agent: thank you. Please give me a moment while I check for you.  I can find the information of your drive on our back end HDD-T4TB-HUS726T4TALA6L4, but it hasn't been tested with this motherboard, unfortunately. However, If this drive can work with your motherboard. It should be ok then
Customer: Should I get the tested drive (HUS726T4TALE6L4) as the second RAID drive or exactly the same I have installed now (HUS726T4TALA6L4)
Agent: We technicially don't recommended to mix and match drives for RAID setup. We recommend use the identical hard drive for RAID setup to keep the best performance also without any trouble.
Customer: okay thank you
Agent: You're welcome. Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: Yes, I have another question, what is the lead time on the power supply PWS-920P-1R2
Agent: Sure, let me check for you.  The ETA for this power supply is the end of March. You can check back with us by that time or set Notify Me button on eStore for automatically alert email Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: thank you, that was very helpful
Agent: Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: no thank you
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: likewise, have a great day, bye. Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Ed!
Customer: Hi there,  I am trying to order qty:40, and the order page states that only (2) are available and if I need more  pieces that I should  contact or chat.
Agent: Let me double check our inventory real quick and see if we can transfer more over for your order. One moment
Customer: Thanks.
Agent: We should be able to transfer more inventory over, but the transfer itself will take several hours after I submit the request. Is it alright if I follow up with you via email at vendor1@aceca.com once the transfer is complete?
Customer: Yes.  Thanks.
Agent: No problem at all! Hope to have an update for you soon. Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: No, thanks for your help.
Agent: Of course 🙂 It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hi I am putting together my computer and I'm installing the front power switch, reset switch and power LED wires for my computer case.
Agent: Hi John
Customer: The JF1 pin map gives pin columns 1 and 2, but the case wires need + and - I think than 1 goes with + and 2 goes with -, or vice versa, but I'm unclear.
Agent: JF1 is the front control panel header, let me check
Customer: Ok thanks.
Agent: you have a 20-pin connector correct?
Customer: no it's 2 2-pin female connectors and 2 1-pin female connectors
Agent: Oh I see. This is not in a SMC case?
Customer: no
Agent: Ok I would recommend checking with our technical support team for this at support@supermicro.com  You can call them at (408) 503-8000 as well
Customer: Can you find out if my question about polarity of side 1 vs side 2 of the JP1 connector is true or not? oh calling is convenient, thanks they're around until 5 PST?
Agent: You're welcome! 9am - 6pm Pacific Time (Monday - Friday)
Customer: 8 EST?
Agent: till 9 EST
Customer: nice thank you
Agent: you're welcome! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: no thanks
Agent: Hope they can assist you with your request. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Ralph!
Customer: What MBD?
Agent: Do you ask which motherboard for the SYS-740A-T?
Customer: yes
Agent: It's X12DAI-N6 You can check it here https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/motherboard/X12DAi-N6
Customer: eStore Detailed Specification   Supermicro SuperWorkstation Full-Tower (SYS-740A-T) 
“Supermicro’s new generation X12 SuperWorkstations are optimized for applications requiring powerful graphics capabilities including rendering, image processing, scientific and engineering tasks. With rich multimedia features, these systems are also the perfect choice for digital entertainment.

Unparalleled Performance: Supermicro’s server grade SuperWorkstation motherboards support up to: dual 3rd Generation Intel® Xeon® Scalable Processor, 2TB ECC DDR4-3200MHz memory in 16 DIMM slots, 6 PCI-E slots including 4 PCI-E 3.0 x16 slots and 2 PCI-E x8 for GPU/Coprocessor cards, and dual Gigabit Ethernet LAN ports. The extremely feature-rich workstations also includes 7.1 HD audio, 8 USB ports (6 USB 3.0 + 2 USB 3.1), 7+ year product life cycle, and 205W CPU support for exceptional performance.

Outstanding Flexibility: The workstations are available in Compact DP, High-End DP and GPU-Optimized workstation configurations.”
All they will offer is PCIe 3.0 parts and configure with them also. People are being ripped off!                         Good Buy SMC and eStore.
Ralph L Wostenberg
Agent: This motherboard is new, so not all the parts are validated with this system. We can only put parts that has been validated with our systems on our Supermicro eStore to ensure the highest quality. Other site may have other options but those options has NOT been validated by our Supermicro lab.
Customer: If I buy 4.0 Idont want3.0 I can not see my cart.
Agent: The pre-configuration link we provide has all 4.0 (Gen 4). We also keep continuing to validate/ qualify more GEN 4 parts as we mention. we currently only offer enterprise grade (not consumer grade) products and have a thoroughly lab validation process to make sure everything we sell on our eStore has no issues.
Customer: my cart
Agent: May I know do you login to your eStore account yet? Please log in here if you are not https://store.supermicro.com/customer/account/login/referer/aHR0cHM6Ly9zdG9yZS5zdXBlcm1pY3JvLmNvbS8_dXRtPWhlYWRlcg%2C%2C/
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Ralph
Customer: storage-1:  ?
Agent: This is what you should be seeing for Storage-1
Customer: QTY.? max
Agent: This system can only support up to 2 M.2 NVMes
Customer: ok
Agent: Did you need assistance adding this configuration to your cart? We can login to your account from our end and do so
Customer: Yes  Itemize please
Agent: OK, one moment Can you refresh your browser? You should see it in your cart now
Customer: I hate this SYS when i started there was One
Agent: If you run into any issues viewing that configuration in your cart, please let me know
Customer: where
Agent: https://store.supermicro.com/checkout/cart/ This link should take you directly to your cart
Customer: ok i do not see it
Agent: Can you use this link to login to your account first? https://store.supermicro.com/customer/account/login/ Login to your user account with email rrwuhf@gmail.com
Customer: You have no items in your shopping cart.
Agent: Then see if it appears in your cart afterwards:
https://store.supermicro.com/checkout/cart/
Customer: You have no items in your shopping cart.
Agent: Nothing at all in the top right hand corner? This is our view when logged into your account Can you perhaps press F5 on your keyboard to see if it will refresh your cart?
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Donald! 
Customer: Wanted to make sure I ordered the correct part for a power cable to attach an NVidia P4000 GPU to our server. Looks like the CBL-PWEX-1040 is the correct part but wanted to make sure before I ordered over night.
Agent: What is the motherboard you are using ?
Customer: One min let me check
Agent: Sure
Customer: I will need to make sure but fairly sure it is the SuperMicro 2029U-E1CR4
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: ok
Agent: Sorry it took some time. I want to confirm the correct cable before I suggest to you. Can I email you after checking ? Is djones@practicalsolutionsit.com the best email to reach you ?
Customer: Yes you sure can.  And yes that is the correct email.  I want to be able to over-night today so we receive it tomorrow.  Thank
Agent: I see. I will email you as soon as I can. Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: That would be all thanks
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? hello
Agent: Hi Jatin
Customer: I had bought some servers like 7-8 in  past and would like to get new one as we are planning to upgrade
Agent: Oh I see. Where do you plan on shipping this new server?
Customer: Miami, Florida 33155
Agent: Oh ok thanks!
Customer: supermicro sells the servers directly also right
Agent: We can sell and ship the servers we have on the eStore directly within the 50 states in the US. 

Please note: we only accept US-credit card payment or ACH Bank Account transfer at this time. 
Customer: yes we will pay by US based credit card only
Agent: ok great do you have an eStore account with us already?
Customer: no
Agent: Please create one so that I can provide you access to our servers section: https://store.supermicro.com/customer/account/create/ Do you remember what server model you had previously?
Customer: let me give u one min X8QB6-F is one of them and we bought like 5 of the
Agent: oh that's the motherboard model#, but yeah, that's fairly old 
Customer: XDTL-I ya so we need to go to the latest one
Agent: do you have the chassis/server model#? should start with a SYS or CSE?
Customer: need to look for it and they are all stacked up
Agent: Ok
Customer: shall we look for new one which is far better and the latest one which could give option of installing virtual machines on it
Agent: Meanwhile, if you can create an account, I can provide you access to our latest models and you can see what you need/like
Customer: done
Agent: don't think there's a direct replacement from the ones you have currently ok thanks
Customer: no not looking for replacement
Agent: what was the email address you used?
Customer: looking for something powerful
Agent: sounds good
Customer: which could give us what we need like virtual machine instlalation and support of multiple processeor and stuff i have created the account can you suggest or give more info on blade servers or the twin servers what are these
Agent: You should have access now. Please log into your account to view our servers tab. 

For what you need with multi-processors like dual, WIO or Ultra family would work. We don't carry any twin or blade servers on the eStore unfortunately, that would be thru our Sales team or resellers.  You may have to refresh your browser or log out/log back in
Customer: ok i have option to configure so doing it now
Agent: ok sounds good, let me know if you need any help 
Customer: ok Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Samuel!
Customer: Hi Liz We're looking for Model# Supermicro CBL-00127-01-A-R It's a SFF-8643 (at a right angle) to Mini SAS 36Pin SFF-8087 Internal HD Data Cable 1M cable for our Adaptec ASR-71605 16-Port 6Gb/s 1GB SAS SATA PCIe RAID Controller Card Do you have these?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: Thanks
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry this cable on our eStore. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.
https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy 
Customer: ok
Agent: Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: No thank you.
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: You wouldn't happen to have Adaptec Phone support number?
Agent: Unfortunately, I don't have their contact.
Customer: ok
Agent: https://ask.adaptec.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/4945 Maybe this link is the one you can reach to It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? I am unable to order from the estore. Getting an internal error.
Agent: Hi Kevin
Customer: this with firefox and Microsoft edge browsers
Agent: Sorry you're having issues checking out. Could you provide a screenshot for the screen you're on that includes the internal error message ?
Customer: yes
Agent: Thanks Kevin. Let me try to reproduce this on my end really quick
Customer: here you go. Happens everytime I try and order something.
Agent: Please bear with me for a few more minutes while I check for you. 
Customer: Ok, thanks
Agent: It looks to be an issue with FedEx's service since we use them as a shipping provider.  We're currently monitoring the status of their outage, but there's not much we can do until they resolve it on their end Did you want me to email you back once the service is back up again?
Customer: Yes please, but i tried ordering a couple of weeks ago and got the same error. So my question is, how long have they been down?
Agent: The issue from a couple weeks ago may be unrelated to the outage. They seem to have only been down for a couple hours. 

Unfortunately, we can't troubleshoot the internal error on our end until the service is restored. If you still have the same issue after service is restored, please let me know and we'll have our web team take a look at what might be going on with your order. 
Customer: Ok, sounds good.
Agent: I apologize for the inconvenience Kevin. I'll send an email to kmoore454@outlook.com to follow up. Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: Nope, thanks,
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hi Kyle, I received my order for a AS -5014A-TT workstation in December.
Agent: Hi Michael
Customer: However, I didn't notice that only one of the physical drives was visible (NVME). The two Toshiba sata drives are not detected by the computer
Agent: Oh I see. You're order# was 1000023101 correct?
Customer: yes
Agent: Ok thanks, please give me a moment while I check
Customer: thank you
Agent: Thanks for waiting. Were you able to do the following from Joe's instructions?

Please partition and format the drive.
The below how to format a hard disk in Windows OS link is for your reference.  
https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/create-and-format-a-hard-disk-partition-bbb8e185-1bda-ecd1-3465-c9728f7d7d2e
 Are you able to see the physical drives in the BIOS?
Customer: Let me check
Agent: Ok thanks
Customer: I am in the bios but I am unable to locate a hardware list
Agent: Not even the NVMe? Under Advanced?
Customer: under adv. are configurations for sata and nvme. navigating to sata information within configuration -- is blank navigating to nvme information within configuration - device not found
Agent: Ahh ok. Give me a moment while I check if there's another section Under SATA Configuration, is the SATA Enable set to enabled, disabled, or auto?
Customer: i found a mention of the two drives within the security section
Agent: Ah ok, does it show a status of the 2 drives?
Customer: Sata configuration -- enabled, raid
Agent: so it is there ok
Customer: part of the order was the raid configuration. I inquired about how the system was configured by I didn't get a response. Are the two sata drives in a Raid 1 configuration with the nvme drive?
Agent: So the NVMe was the boot drive and the 2 SATA drives were in a RAID?
Customer: I requested that the workstation to boot from the nvme. I had expected the 2 sata drives to be a in Raid 1 configuration. Such that I could access one and the other would be the mirror
Agent: that would make sense. Is the RAID 1 configuration bigger than the 2 SATA drives combined? does it show 3 devices in that raid?
Customer: I am unable to access either sata drive
Agent: Ok they are seperate OS on the NVMe Raid 1 with the two sata drives
Customer: that was the desired setup
Agent: so the instructions were correct
Customer: I don't know if that is how it is currently configured
Agent: If you go to file explorer, can you show me a screenshot if what you see?
Customer: C-drive only -- 1TB I have this chat open on a second computer so that I can maintain the conversation while we work on the workstation
Agent: sure sounds good
Customer: there is only one disk drive listed in the device manager as well it is the NVME drive
Agent: So no way for you to create and format a hard disk partition? All you see is 1 TB NVMe
Customer: correct which is why I couldn't follow the instructions provided in the email which is why I though that the raid configuration was different -- NVME with two mirrors and not what I requested
Agent: Whats the size of the current partition?
Customer: 900mb (assuming the other 100mb for boot)
Agent: that looks to be the NVMe the SATAs are 2TB each so it should be around 2TB if it was raid 1 
Customer: correct
Agent: So you only saw them in Security in the BIOS settings?
Customer: correct
Agent: Checking the BIOS settings again So if you go to Advanced > SATA Configurations SATA Enable is Enabled or Auto? 
Customer: Enabled, Raid
Agent: But no detected SATA devices listed? in that same section
Customer: Sata Configuration -> Sata information : blank nothing else is listed
Agent: Ok, that's probably why you don't see it in the OS. Auto is the default setting here according to the manual under NVMe configuration, the NVMe Raid Mode is set to what?
Customer: enabled No NVME device found
Agent: Interesting, but it's found in OS windows explorer/file explorer
Customer: yes which is why I am very confused
Agent: Under Boot tab, do you see them as boot options? like Boot Option #1 is NVMe
Customer: UEFI Hard Disk: Windows Boot Manager (AMD RAID)
Agent: ok I'll have to check with the PM on this issue and get back to you. This doesn't make sense right now I can email you back once I get an answer
Customer: I would rather get a phone call rather than email instructions
Agent: We don't have direct phone support on the eStore unfortunately so I'd have to provide you support on chat or email. Our technical support team has phone and email support. Either way, I'll have to show them this issue you're seeing and get back to you by calling you from their end. 
Customer: ok, thank you
Agent: what is your phone# ?
Customer: 425-736-7234
Agent: Ok got it, thanks! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: no, have a good day
Agent: Thanks! You as well, we'll be in touch soon. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Tom
Customer: Hello.
I want to purchase a SSG-6049P-E1CR60H server with 18 TB HDDs. But I cannot save an order, I see this message:
We currently have "11" of the "18TB 3.5" Exos X18 7200 RPM SATA3 6Gb/s 256MB Cache 512E/4Kn Hard Drive" in stock
We need this server as soon as possible. Is it possible to create an order with just 6 18TB HDDs? It will be enough for us.
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  Please bear with me for a few more minutes while I check for you. 
Customer: I know that the minimum allowed number of HDDs is 15, but since you have only 11 in stock, maybe we can purchase the server with less HDDs.
Agent: Thank you for waiting. I already updated the inventory for the hard drive. Can you please try again? Please let me know if you still have any issues
Customer: Yes, I was able to save the order. I will pay for it soon. Thanks.
Agent: You're welcome. Please place the order as soon as possible to day because we only have 1 left. we won't be getting these any time soon if someone else buys it Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: No, everything is okay, thanks. Hello. How may I help you? I am trying to buy or configure your mini itx desktop
Agent: Hi Tim! We unfortunately don't have a configurable mini ITX desktop to configure on our website. Would you still like access to see what we have available?
Customer: Is it possible to speak with you
Agent: We don't offer phone support unfortunately
Customer: I have purchased from you in the past an am looking for a similar system
Agent: What system did you previously purchase? I'll see if there's anything similar I can recommend from our eStore that you can configure If you'd like, I can also grant your eStore account access to view our server selection so you can configure it yourself too.

https://store.supermicro.com/customer/account/create/ We'll need just to know your eStore email address
Customer: Im looking  for windows 10/11 pro i5/i7 16/32 ram decent video card tungdmd@verizon.net
Agent: OK, one moment while I enable your account for access I couldn't find an existing account associated to that email. Can you double check to see if you created your account and verified it successfully?

https://store.supermicro.com/customer/account/create/ I'll look for a recommendation in the meantime
Customer: ok  give me a couple minutes
Agent: Sure thing. Thanks Tim
Customer: customer 1330375091
Agent: I don't believe that's one of our customer IDs. Does this URL redirect you to an account creation webpage, Tim?

https://store.supermicro.com/customer/account/create/ Our eStore has a seperate user database, so if this is your first time on our eStore, you would need to register for a brand new account
Customer: ok it was servers direct if that helps
Agent: We aren't associated with serverdirect so that customer ID unfortunately does not help us 😞  They may be one of our resellers, but they have a different user database
Customer: ok let me do more homework ty
Agent: No problem Tim If you didn't mind a mid-tower, I would recommend our 530AD-i. It supports i7 and you can add a 3060 GPU as a configuration option

https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-upworkstation-mid-tower-sys-530ad-i.html
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Alex! 
Customer: hi joe
Agent: Are you looking to purchase our Twin system  ?
Customer: yes but I can't find it in the store
Agent: I am sorry but our eStore doesn't carry Twin systems. You will need to check with resellers for the availability May I know if you are located in the United States ?
Customer: I have a post office box there, but the final destination is Bolivia
Agent: I see. You can check with resellers for the availability. https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy
Customer: And tell me, how could I be a reseller in Bolivia?
Agent: In that case, please contact Sales-USA@supermicro.com 
Customer: 
I wrote an email, but they never answered me
Agent: to request to be a reseller I can forward the request for you as well. Please let me know your company name, email address and phone number
Customer: BTICS S.R.L. is a company dedicated to the field of tics www.boliviatics.com acalvimonte@boliviatics.com +591-72051801
Agent: Thanks! I will forward your request Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: How long will they be in contact? dearly 
and everything is fine THANK YOU
Agent: I am writing the email to sales team now and hopefully they will contact you within 1-2 business days You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Chuck
Customer: I'm trying to purchase a cable that I have previously purchased from Supermicro and cannot find it on your site now. It is a CBL-SAST-0591 cable.
Agent: Sure, let me check for you.  Here is the link for CBL-SAST-0591:
 https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-internal-reverse-breakout-cross-over-minisas-hd-to-4-sata-with-sideband-75-75-75-75-75cm-cable-cbl-sast-0591.html?queryID=894c1958e0aabde9ee71ec62eef51f85&objectID=542&indexName=supermicro_default_products
Customer: Thanks. Why did your site return a No Matches message when I searched for them?
Agent: I'm sorry for that issue. The website might get glitch somehow I think  Please contact us if you experience any problem while purchasing with us.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: No - I am good now - thanks Liz. Have a pleasant day.
Agent: You're welcome. Thank you! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: chuck left the following comment: Quick chat help. Very good. Hello. How may I help you? I am filling in for a colleague and wanted to check delivery status of the above order number :1000023688
Agent: Hi Bonnie! Please give me a moment while I check for you.  Would you be able to confirm the shipping address that was used for this order?
Customer: 2730 Murray Ave Pittsburgh PA 15217
Agent: Perfect, thank you very much It looks like it's currently out for delivery right now. https://www.fedex.com/fedextrack/?trknbr=534721353012&trkqual=12023~534721353012~FDEG You can use the above URL for tracking.
Customer: Bonnie Olson left the following comment: super fast thanks! Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Thang
Customer: I need a hot swap tray that convert from 2.5" to 5.25" for SAS 3 HD 3.5" not 5.25"
Agent: Let me check to see if we have one.  Ahh OK.  Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: ok
Agent: You can use this for 3.5" to 2.5" converter

https://store.supermicro.com/mcp-220-00043-0n-1482.html Is there anything else I may help you with today?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hi there, asking for help on this order:  #1000023741
Agent: Hi Qingyu
Customer: I am going back and forth on this.  Initially I wanted to get these fans for reduced noise.  But then I figured out a solution, so I asked to cancel it.  Then, I realized my solution didn't really work, so I asked to still have the order shipped.  But now I found out another solution to the problem, so I would still like to cancel the order.  is it too late to do so?  I see the order hasn't shipped yet. I am very sorry for the changes of heart.
Agent: Let me check on this We should be able to cancel this order from our end.
Customer: Thanks very much!
Agent: You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: No.  That's all I needed.  Again, sorry for the inconvenience.
Agent: No worries, better now then it being shipped and you didn't need/want it.
Customer: Yep.  You have a great day!
Agent: Thanks! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Bye! Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Sandra
Customer: looking for 1ea RSC-W2-66G4
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry any riser card on our eStore. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy 
Customer: who would you suggest, do you see stock anywhere
Agent: Unfortunately, we don't have any information of our resellers stock. Please check with them for the availability You also can check with our RMA to see if they can support for replacement part.
 RMA department email address: rma@supermicro.com
RMA department phone #:  1-408-503-8000 option 3
 
Customer: thanks
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: no thanks have a great day Hello. How may I help you? Hello!
Agent: Hi Sean!
Customer: I lost the key that unlocks the front door of the CSE-721TQ-250B. How can I get a new one? Or a replacement key?
Agent: Let me see if there's a P/N I can look up for you. One moment
Customer: Thank you
Agent: Unfortunately, I couldn't find any part numbers for the key or the locking front bezel. I would advise that you check with our RMA team to see if they have any information on this. If they do, you might be able to purchase a replacement from them as well.

RMA department email address: rma@supermicro.com
RMA department part phone #: 1-408-503-8000 option 3

Customer: Thank you
Agent: No problem Sean Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: Thank is it
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hello Kyle I would like to start the process of getting a quote please.
Agent: Hi Joseph Yeah sure, for which product?
Customer: Looking for storage array. Can I give you a comparable quote?
Agent: Oh ok sure. Any other specs in terms of how many drive slots, memory, did you want? Ok thanks, give me a moment while I look
Customer: As close to this as possible. Ok
Agent: The closest one we'd have the 24 drive storage would be our 45-bay, which may be overkill for you: https://store.supermicro.com/4u-superstorage-ssg-6049p-e1cr45h.html

I believe you have access when you log into your eStore account to check that link.  As for the 12 drive server, the following Ultra looks comparable: https://store.supermicro.com/ultra-server-2u-sys-6029u-tr4.html
Customer: no 24's???
Agent: We don't have a 24 drive system available outside of 2.5" option
Customer: Can I get an official quote for the 45?
Agent: Sure, I'll just populate with the same amount of drives. Give me a mometn *moment
Customer: Ok
Agent: So for CPU, I have the Intel Silver 4214R option and for memory, only 16GB DIMMs, but let me see if we can get 8GB ones.  Unless you're ok with 16GB
Customer: Lets try 8
Agent: Ok sounds good, give me a few min while I put everything together. 
Customer: Thank you
Agent: For the 2 x 1TB 2.5 drives, I'm assuming for OS?
Customer: Correct
Agent: Ok thanks any plans for NVMe on this storage server? or just strictly SATA drives
Customer: SATA for now
Agent: ok  Sorry it's taking awhile, double checking on the drives to make sure its close or exactly the same ones you requested
Customer: No rush
Agent: No raid?
Customer: Yes we need a raid
Agent: Raid 1 on the 2 x 1TB drives? What about the 24 HDDs?
Customer: Raid 10
Agent: Ok thanks! It doesn't look like the onboard controller for the rear drives can do raid unfortunately, which is odd. 
Customer: Lol, so what options do we have?
Agent: I see there was NVMe capability on the 24 drive server you shared. Let me add the functionality on this server and see if that changes what's available in terms of raid
Customer: Ok
Agent: Yeah the rear drives are not able to be RAID'd, only the 45 main ones since they are on a LSI 3108. NVMe is also able to RAID as well with an Intel VROC checking if they mention anything for the rear  in the manual
Customer: Well that is not good. I was looking for a solution that will provide around 110 TB of storage, the 24 bay option seemed to fix the build in other quotes/ https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/system/Storage/4U/SSG-540P-E1CTR36H ???
Agent: Yeah that's not good, I'm not sure what the point of the rear drives are in this case unless there's something wrong with the configurator on my end. I'll have to double check internally and get back to you on that.  Yeah we don't carry the 36 bay either, wish we did though as I would have offered you that. 
Customer: https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/general-purpose-storage Even though it is on your page? I am thinking something on the all purpose storage page.
Agent: We only carry a select models on the eStore, not everything from the main site unfortunately.  So everything you see from there might not be available on the eStore 
Customer: Wait I am confused. I need the enterprise setup. How do I get access to that/. ?
Agent: Ohh You can contact our Sales-USA@supermicro.com if you need that, they should be able to offer the 24 drive option you were looking *looking for Tel: +1-408-503-8000 just in case
Customer: Thank you for your time Kyle. It is appreciated. I will make contact.
Agent: You're welcome! Sorry we didn't have what you were looking for.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: No that will be all.
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Prit!
Customer: would you have BKT-0077L(FH)
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry BKT-0077L on our eStore. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy 
Customer: thanks PRIT GILL left the following comment: thanks
Agent: You're welcome. Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hi there.
Agent: Hi Samuel !
Customer: Could you tell me if you carry this?  Supermicro X9DRi-LN4F+ Motherboard We need 3
Agent: No, I am sorry X9 motherboard all EOL years ago You might be able to find them through resellers https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy
Customer: Okay.  I'll continue to check ebay.
Agent: Sounds good. Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Not at the moment.  Have a great day.
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hello. i see that the PWS-505P-1H is  out of stock.  What is the lead time for qty. 3?
Agent: Hi Peter Let me check for you I'll have to check with our PM on this as it's not readily available so I don't have an estimated lead time for this. Hopefully will get an update today and can email you back what the status would be of this. If I get approval, it could be available within 24 hours. 
Customer: Okay. Who do we send a PO to?  We would purchase with a P-Card?
Agent: Ohh, we only accept credit card payment or ACH Bank Account Transfer on the eStore currently. 
Customer: Okay.  I will watch for the lead time.  Thank you.
Agent: If that works for you, I'll email you back with the update Ok sounds good Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Doug!
Customer: I've recently received my Super Micro server with 8 bay backplane and a cable that connects the backplane to the motherboard via 2 x mini sas connectors"CBL-0188L-02" I need to buy a connector to go from the mini SAS x2 to my broadcom 9561 8i83 card which has a slim SAS sff 8654 port. Can you confirm the correct cable to do this? Thanks Server serial number 1132652
Agent: May I have your full serial number of your system please? I cannot find the SN 1132652 on our end Please follow the picture above for the serial number of your system We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com 
Customer: S291427X1A23524
Agent: thank you. Please give me a moment while I check for you.  Please bear with me for a few more minutes while I check for you. 
Customer: thanks
Agent: Unfortunately, the broadcom 9561 8i83 card is not validated with our system, so I cannot find the cable part number for you. However, you can find the cable header with mini SAS to slim SAS sff 8654 I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry that type of cable on our eStore. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.
https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy 
Customer: I've found this. Supemicro Slimline SAS x8 (LE) to 2x MiniSAS HD 70cm Cable (CBL-SAST-0826)
Agent: It is the miniSAS HD, unfortunately. Your backplane header use the MiniSAS SFF8007 SSFF8087
Customer: I'm reaching out to my suppler now
Agent: Sound good! Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: They'd indicated the cable I mentioned was the correct one. Is it at the connection (Header) that it doesn't work? Is there a cable to go from the backplane tdirectly to the 9561?
Agent: As I looked at your backplane, the connector to it is Mini SAS SFF8087. The cable CBL-SAST-0826 has the Mini SAS HD which header is 8643 The cable Slim SAS SFF 8654 to Mini SAS SFF8087 works for you
Customer: Do you sell the Slim SAS SFF 8654 to Mini SAS SFF8087
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry that type of cable on our eStore. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.
https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: Can you supply a part number to be sure I order the correct cable?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  Unfortunately, we only have the Slim SAS to Mini SAS HD cable part number. I'm sorry for this inconvenience. You might have to find other vendor for this type of cable, unfortunately
Customer: Very good thanks
Agent: You're welcome. Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: no
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hi Jim, How are you doing today
Agent: Hi Jack! I'm doing goo,d how about yourself?
Customer: I am with ManpowerGroup located in Milwaukee WI
Agent: How can I help you today?
Customer: We are looking for Samsung 64GB DDR4 Server memory
Agent: Is this for a Supermicro motherboard?
Customer: No
Agent: OK, one moment https://store.supermicro.com/catalogsearch/result/?q=samsung%2064gb#q=samsung%2064gb&hFR[categories.level0][0]=Memory&idx=supermicro_default_products You should be able to use this link to view all the 64GB Samsung DIMMs we carry on our eStore
Customer: thank you can i request for a quote
Agent: How many were you looking to quote? and for which DIMM? On each memory's page, there should be a link to request a quote. I've attached an image for reference.
Customer: thank you
Agent: No problem! Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: that would be all for now
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Max! 
Customer: Hello, I am looking to do a bulk purchase on OOB and DCMS License and have them applied to my account so we can license the motherboards as they come in. Can you help with the pricing on the SFT-DCMS-SINGLE License? I would need the following licenses, 
SFT-DCMS-SINGLE QTY300 for H12SSL-NT Motherboard
SFT-DCMS-SINGLE QTY300 for X11SDV-16C-TP8F 
SFT-OOB-LIC QTY300 for X11SDV-16C-TP8F
Agent: Do you need a quote for your inquiry ?
Customer: Yes if you could provide one
Agent: Will do. I will request a quote for your inquiry. 
Customer: Thank you
Agent: You're welcome.  Also, we would like to let you know that 140 pcs of CBL-SAST-0816 are ready for you https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-slimline-sas-x8-to-2-x-oculink-x4-28cm-cable-cbl-sast-0816.html?queryID=bcd250966d027927b04a5d67ff5a7ca1&objectID=2255&indexName=supermicro_default_products
Customer: I do not believe we are going to continue with the 140pcs we found another solution. Thank you for following up
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: That is it
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hi Kyle. I have a X11SRM-VF what chassis are designed for this board
Agent: Hi Nate We don't carry any chassis on the eStore, but let me check what is optimized for this motherboard SC731i-300B
SC732D4-500B
SC732I-500B
SC733TQ-668B
SC842TQC-668B
Customer: i saw the motherboard has oculink onboard do you sell the nvme backplane for that?
Agent: We don't sell any backplanes either sorry. You will have to check with our Sales team at Sales-USA@supermicro.com or with our resellers: https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy
Customer: do you happen to know what backplanes are compatible with the oculink used on the board?
' I dont mind searching other vendors for the part
Agent: We don't unfortunately from our end. You may want to check with our technical support team on this at support@supermicro.com 
Customer: cool thanks for the help
Agent: You're welcome Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: no that is all
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? hi ... we are a client supermicro distubitors and need qty 1 : MCP-280-74702-ON
Agent: Hi Leonard !  Unfortunately we don't carry MCP-280-74702-0N on our eStore. Please check with your sales rep for the availability. 
Customer: ty Hello. How may I help you? Hello
Agent: Hi Koji
Customer: I have a plan to buy SuperWorkstation. for CST Stduio suite 2021
Agent: Sure, do you have an eStore account with us already?
Customer: not yet Just submitted a form at online now
Agent: Ok, please give me a moment while I check
Customer: Thanks
Agent: Oh I see you requested for the workstation 740GP-TNRT. We don't carry this particular one but the closest one we have is SYS-740A-T on the eStore
Customer: I don't stick to the workstation 740GP-TNRT.
Agent: If you'd like to create an account, please register here: https://store.supermicro.com/customer/account/create/ What were the specs you require for your workstation?
Customer: CPU		Xeon E5-2667W v4 @3.2GHz　x 2 Memory		128GB or more
HDD	C:	500GB　NVMe SSD
	D:	8TB
	E:	8TB
	F: (G:/I:)	-
Graphic		Quadro K620
GPGPU		NVIDIA A100 40GB PCIe These are requirements for CST Stduio Suite 2021.
Agent: Ok let me check if we can support this on the SYS-740A-T Ok it doesn't look like the Xeon E5 series are supported on this. Let me check on other workstations we have
Customer: sure, thanks
Agent: Is that the only CPU specs that would work? 

Would an i7 or i9 Intel work or a 3rd Gen Scalable like Xeon Silver or Gold work? or Intel® Xeon® Processor E-2100 series and E-2200 series
Customer: let me check
Agent: ok thanks
Customer: Dual 3rd Generation Intel® Xeon® Scalable Processors
(also known as "Cooper Lake“)

or

Dual 2nd Gen AMD EPYC™ Processors (also known as “Rome“)

We recommend high processor base clock frequency (>3 GHz) and 8-16 cores per CPU
are recommended for general-purpose simulation workstation https://www.3ds.com/support/hardware-and-software/simulia-system-information/cst-studio-suite-opera/cst-studio-suite/
Agent: Ok thanks
Customer: Here is CPU requirements on the web.
Agent: that helps out then I assume you want it high end?
Customer: Yes,
Agent: got it, ill put a configuration together to see if that works for you
Customer: Thanks!
Agent: 1 NVME SSD, 2 HDDs? 1 NVME + SSDs
Customer: 500GB SSD boot drive, plus 8TB x2 HDD
Agent: ok thanks for this workstation, this supports NVIDIA Quadro so it'd be a A4000 or A6000
Customer: OK, it does not matter.
Agent: Ok  there wasn't a 500GB SSD, just 480GB available
Customer: 480GB disk space available is no problem.
Agent: Ok great everything else in the configuration look good? wasn't sure if you wanted 128 total ram so 16GB dimms rather than 32
Customer: The attached quote is 256GB ram?
Agent: 8 pcs of 32GB, I can change that to 16Gb each instead
Customer: The attached is much lower than my budget. I am able to get more high specs.
Agent: Oh yeah up to you if you want to upgrade anything else on this. The CPU chosen was the highest processor base clock frequency we have for 8 cores If you wanted M.2 or NVMe for the boot drive or use SSDs for storage too, we can change that
Customer: sounds good. please go ahead
Agent: ok will do, give me a moment Also, were you able to register an account while I put this together?
Customer: I have registered my account! yma_it@yokowo.com this is my registred email
Agent: ok thank you, I'll verify in a bit So even with the 480GB M.2, it's actually cheaper than the SSD by about $200. 

There's no SSD larger than 3.84GB for this but there is a 7.68GB NVMe drive available  Changing to the NVIDIA A6000 brings this up to $15k
Customer: let me see
Agent: let me create the PDF again, sorry My mistake, it's around $18k could also just add the 2 x 8TB HDDs back as well Simulation memory requirement is highly application and solver technology dependent. For a high-end workstation or server system, we recommend at least 64-128 GB RAM per CPU depending on the complexity of your application and the used solver technology. We recommend the fastest RAM memory module available, currently DDR4 memory.

To make use of the total available memory bandwidth in the system, the memory modules should be arranged in such a way that it occupies all the memory channels provided for the system memory per processor. For the recommended Intel and AMD processors above, it should be 8 memory modules per processor.  so maybe 16 sticks, since 8 per processor
Customer: should we change MEM16GB x 16?
Agent: yeah that might be best
Customer: OK, let's take it
Agent: Ok ill put together another PDF with the final price. Did you want to switch back the HDD or stick with the NVMe for storage? Simulations may generate a lot of data, so sufficient storage space should be ensured. We recommend at least a 500 GB hard disk drive for a typical simulation workstation. You may use SSDs for storage, but they are not necessary for good simulation performance. so HDD might be ok more storage like 8TB or 10TB might be better
Customer: for storage, I don't need high  speed performance Yes, you are right.
Agent: sure, i'll change that back
Customer: instead, can we have Raid controller for storage and Raid 1 will be built. 16TB available space
Agent: Ok sounds good, we can do that. BTW, this will be onboard raid, no hardware controller. If you want to add a hardware controller, I'd have to make a custom pre-configure link
Customer: is a raid controller common case for this type of workstation? I am not familiar with specific high perfomance workstation.
Agent: Our workstation had onboard raid (software raid) so no need for extra hardware unless you want like Raid 6 So it can do raid 0, 1, 5, 10 depending how many drives you add without any extra hardware controller so just 2 x 8TB HDDs correct?
Customer: sounds good. I think no need extra hw controller.
Agent: ok sounds good
Customer: Actually, my user requested 16TB disk available space.
Agent: ohh with raid 1 that cuts it close to half  so either 4 x 8TB HDDs or 2 x 16TB HDDs did you want to keep the A6000 or go back down to A4000 for the GPU?
Customer: 4 x 8TB is good so that we can build Raid 5.
Agent: ok got it
Customer: 24 TB available
Agent: yup! 
Customer: Regarding GPU, please let me get higher performance one
Agent: for network ports, the dual 1GbE speeds ok, or did you want to upgrade to dual 10GbE  ok noted
Customer: please get 10GbE dual 10GbE
Agent: ok will add it then
Customer: are you selling UPS as well?
Agent: It comes with dual 1200W PSUs  Also, you should have access now to this server Please log into your account and check the link I provide  https://store.supermicro.com/sys-740a-t.html you can actually choose the components we just laid out for this. 
Customer: awesome!
Agent: Sorry it took awhile 🙂

Customer: Should I pick them up again  one by one? It looks basic configration..
Agent: So from the PDF I provided, you would choose the CPU first, then memory, then go to M.2, then HDD
Customer: Oh I see
Agent: Once you chose all those, for the AOC, choose 1, then GPU, choose the A6000 then for Raid, select quantity 4 and raid 5 
Customer: ok, May I ask you to send PDF as final one again>
Agent: Ok sure, can do Hmm, the 16GB option went away for me, give me a moment. 
Customer: Sure, take your time!
Agent: Ok thanks Please bear with me for a few more minutes, not sure why it disappeared. Should be resolved soon. 
Customer: No problem at all! Take your time!
Agent: Thanks for your patience
Customer: Great! Thanks! Can I ask how long I should estimate the delivery date?
Agent: You're welcome
Customer: Currently, IN STOCK is displayed on the web.
Agent: If purchased today, I would give 1-2 business days for assembly.  Delivery time would depend on shipping method chosen
Customer: amazing! I see
Agent: so if you chose overnight shipping, it would deliver the next business day after the 2 business days of assembly (estimation) free standard shipping included if you go that route but its 3-5 business days on top of the assembly time 
Customer: No problem at at all! Great! Thank you for your help!
Agent: Oh yeah, would you be ok with credit card payment or ACH bank transfer?
Customer: Maybe I will pay by ACH Bank transfer
Agent: Ok sounds good, it may take a bit longer to process than the credit card payment, but hopefully not too long ACH takes about 7-10 days 
Customer: Sure! It should not be problem.
Agent: Ok great. Also the PDF didn't show the RAID setup, so please remember to add that
Customer: I see! at last, may I ask about warranty service?
Agent: Warranty is 3 years for server, 3 years for parts, and 1 year of cross—shipping.  Just have more information about the ACH, we won't assemble till the ACH clears unless you're ok with an extra week of waiting.
Customer: Thanks! got it
Agent: Np!
Customer: Not at all! great help! I appreciated your help!
Agent: You're very welcome! 
Customer: Thank you! have a good day!
Agent: Thank you! If you need any further assistance, feel free to reach out to us on chat or email. 

It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Jacek
Customer: Hi Liz I'm dissipated with the OOB license for updating BIOS how can I get one in EU ?
Agent: You can check with our resellers or distributors in EU https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: let me check if I can order OBB key from them
Agent: Sound good
Customer: no one is selling key for privet use
Agent: You also can check with your sale representative to see if they sell it
Customer: they don't have it checked already
Agent: or contact with our Sale team at Sales-USA@supermicro.com  
Customer: ok, how to update the BIOS without the key  so ?
Agent: yes, you can update the BIOS without the key. The OOB is used for the remotely update May I know what is your motherboard part number?
Customer: A2SDi-H-TF
Agent: Please go to this link and click to the Update BIOS to download the BIOS file: https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/motherboard/A2SDi-H-TF
Customer: have the file already from usb stick should be possible or not ?
Agent: it should be possible
Customer: so, the normal way.. put it on stick and from BIOS do the update right ?
Agent: yes
Customer: thanks Hello. How may I help you? this sales Karen Tsai customer is looking for MCP-320-74702-0N-KIT online store dont have inventory
Agent: Hi Karen
Customer: can we support one pcs i can ask customer place the order online
Agent: It doesn't look to be in stock though, let me see if we can get more in stock.  I can request for 1, but it may take several hours possibly till tomorrow morning for it to be available. 
Customer: i checked the inventory we do have in stock 149
Agent: yeah not in eStore currently though, will have to request for it if customer doesn't mind waiting
Customer: will let customer know it take 2-3 days transfer to online store will that be okay?
Agent: that should be ok!
Customer: thank you
Agent: you're welcome Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: that is all
Agent: Ok great. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Jeffrey
Customer: I'd like access to the server catagory Hi Liz
Agent: May I know where are you located please?
Customer: The Netherlands
Agent: I see. I'm sorry, but unfortunately, our Supermicro eStore currently only ships within the United States. If you still want to check our website server. Please create an eStore account at https://store.supermicro.com/customer/account/create/ Please let me know your eStore account email. I can enable the configurator for you
Customer: jeffrey@westermanklip.nl Why do you ship only within the US, and how would i be able to acquire SuperMicro hardware?
Agent: you can buy Supermicro server or hardware from our resellers or distributors at https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy You should be able to see the configurator. Please log out and log back in https://store.supermicro.com/system.html
Customer: It is still referring to looking-to-buy-server
Agent: Please log in first and click on this link https://store.supermicro.com/system.html Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: No thanks, it seems i can browse through all servers
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Julio! How can I help you? We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hello
Agent: Hi Koji
Customer: I have a question about Graphic card on SYS-740A-T.
Agent: Sure, how can I help you with it?
Customer: what kinds of graphic card can I choose?
Agent: For this workstation, we have either NVIDIA RTX A4000 or A6000 available. 
Customer: Oops..
Agent: Basically Quadros
Customer: according to the request from my user, GPGPU is NVIFIA A100 40GB..(very old..) Graphic is Quadro K620 I thoght GPGPU and Graphic are different
Agent: Ohh let me check
Customer: sorry to cause you trouble..
Agent: No worries, the A100 is not validated with this workstation unfortunately so cannot guarantee it will work properly 100% 
Customer: I know it is very old.
Agent: I think the GPGPU is more computations based compared to the GPU which is more graphics based, so it helps with computing that the CPU would normally do
Customer: OK, understood. Since RTX A6000 has 4 Display ports, I should get the monitor with Displayport interface. correct?
Agent: Correct, monitors that can accept display port interface would be the simplest configuration
Customer: ok, great! Thanks again!
Agent: Let me check if it has other ports  nope, just 4 display ports You're welcome Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Many thanks! I am good. See you then!
Agent: You're welcome! It was nice talking to you. Have a great night, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Julio
Customer: Hello I am planning on using only Nvme for local storage. Do I need a raid card?
Agent: May I know what system do you plan to use NVMe?
Customer: Don't have any yet. Could you please recommend me the cheapest possible that supports Nvme?
Agent: Sure, let me check for you. 
Customer: thanks
Agent: Please bear with me for a few more minutes while I check for you.  You can check our SYS-120C-TN10R system or SYS-510P-WTR SYS-510P-WTR -https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/system/WIO/1U/SYS-510P-WTR https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/system/Cloud/1U/SYS-120C-TN10R May I know how many drives do you want for the system?
Customer: let me check what is the throughput for raid with nvme? I see for sata is 6Gps
Agent: For NVME RAID we use Intel VROC controller ohhh let me check for that This is the RAID information for NVMe card https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/accessories/addon/AOC-VROCxxxMOD.php
Customer: checking
Agent: The throughput will based on the speed of the NVMe drives. it depends on what drive you choose This system can support PCIe 4.0 so they will perform at  GEN4 speeds
Customer: I want to know how it compares against sata 6Gbps and SAS 12Gbps in the worst case scenario can I just disable VROC on the BIOS and how many PCIe lanes it will use?
Agent: you can read more the comparison of them at this link https://business.kioxia.com/content/dam/kioxia/ncsa/en-us/microsites/las/doc/KIOXIA_Comparing_SSD_Interfaces_in_Servers_Best_Practices.pdf
Customer: oh wow thanks
Agent: You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today?  Also do you have an account with us?
Customer: do you have presence in the south America country? don't have an account yet
Agent: We only sell and ship within the US at the moment. At south America country, we have resellers or distributors. https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy
Customer: excellent, last question. Do you have fanless silent boxes like this one? https://antsle.com/
Agent: We have the IOT system which is fanless
Customer: please send you link
Agent: https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/embedded/compact-and-industrial
Customer: thank you!. bye now
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hello, can I help you with anything? We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com 
Customer: are you there? I need a rail kit for a Supermicro 514-5
Agent: Yes, still here
Customer: its for a 4 post APC cabinet
Agent: Is the chassis model number SC514-505? 1U?
Customer: yes
Agent: Ok thanks, let me check
Customer: ok
Agent: Did it come with rails initially?
Customer: I believe so, these were bought years ago
Agent: I see MCP-290-00108-0N is the inner rail and MCP-290-00102-0N is the outer rail, but we don't sell them separately.  Let me further check
Customer: You don't see the rail kit without the server? I need tie inner and outer rail kit
Agent: Yeah there's no kit listed, just the individual part# for each rail portion. Give me a moment while I check
Customer: ok this kit has both- https://store.supermicro.com/1u-rail-kit-mcp-290-00063-0n.html
Agent: Ahh there it is, I was looking for that one.  Yeah it has both and an extra rear inner rail https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/chassis/1U/514/SC514-505 is your server correct?
Customer: but this kit should as well- https://store.supermicro.com/1u-rail-kit-mcp-290-00055-0n.html
Agent: MCP-290-00118-0N is the inner rail, not the same
Customer: darn, I just saw the # differance
Agent: MCP-290-00016-0N		1U open rack bracket set for CSE-PT51L,MCP-290-00054-0N 

also works, but we don't carry MCP-290-00016-0N on the eStore I'd stick with the MCP-290-00063-0N in this case
Customer: ok, I will do that. Thank you. I am all set
Agent: You're welcome It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Have a good day :) Hello. How may I help you? Hi Jim. I am looking this item# PWS-702A-1R if available
Agent: Hi Ed! How many units are you looking to purchase?
Customer: 1 for now.
Agent: OK, please give me one moment to check our inventory. We should have 1 for you to purchase, but we'll need to update our inventory before you do, which should take about an hour or 2.  Can I email you back at eherradura@quantum3d.com once the inventory has been updated?
Customer: Yes please. I need to order this item immediately if available.
Agent: Of course. We should have it ready for you shortly and I'll reach out to you once it's available. Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: that's all for now thank you.
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Jason! 
Customer: Order number 1000023313 The password to the management interface
Agent: Are you looking for the password to your IPMI ?
Customer: Yes
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: Okay...thanks Got ya....looking now Where is the password. I see the sticker...but what number is the password? The serial number?
Agent: You can locate the password on the motherboard as well
Customer: Is the username admin?
Agent: Yes, the username is ADMIN Here is the link for your reference : https://www.supermicro.com/en/support/BMC_Unique_Password
 Can you check the motherboard ?
Customer: It will be hard because it's already installed into the rack
Agent: I see
Customer: I got it.
Agent: There is one more BMC barcarole label  which is located on the chassis service tag
Customer: Tony sticker in front Tiny
Agent: Glad you found it ! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hello, thank you for the response. i want purchase 2 32GB memory stick for a X10drd-int server. Could you tell me how does one cost? how much does one cost?
Agent: Are you expanding the memories for X10DRD-iNT?
Customer: Yes, the server has 8 slots but i am only using 6 slot, and now i am rounning out of memory. running
Agent: I see. We do recommend to use identical memories in one server. In that case, you can either change all the memories at once or you can purchase the same one you have been using on your motherboard  You can find the validated memories through the product page https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/motherboard/X10DRD-iNT One the right hand side of the page, please click " 	Tested Memory List "
Customer: thank  you.
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: yes, i opened the link and chose one, but there is no price listed
Agent: Which one did you choose?
Customer: I clicked on all of them, its says we cant find product matching the selection or nothing shows
Agent: This one is validated with your motherboard https://store.supermicro.com/32gb-ddr4-2666-mem-dr432l-cl03-er26.html?queryID=f4b9b683f820576e856162d2dc02d938&objectID=1232&indexName=supermicro_default_products But it is out of stock at the moment
Customer: If possible can i get the price for each one of them
Agent: What speed are you looking for ? This one is validated as well and it is in stock https://store.supermicro.com/32gb-ddr4-2400-mem-dr432l-sl02-er24.html?queryID=fb80466c71ddb4a896a0f023429f6156&objectID=803&indexName=supermicro_default_products $236.00 / pc before tax and shipping
Customer: ok thank you
Agent: You're welcome.  Are you looking to purchase the memories ? If so, how many are you looking to purchase?
Customer: yes, and i want 2 32GB
Agent: MEM-DR432LC-ER24 is in stock https://store.supermicro.com/32gb-ddr4-2400-mem-dr432l-sl02-er24.html Once again, we do recommend not to mix-match memories. Please use identical memories on one motherboard to avoid unforeseen issues.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: than you so much you have been very helpful.
Agent: You're welcome.  
Customer: have a great day.
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? i am trying to order QTY. 15 of the Supermicro 1U Rail Kit (MCP-290-00063-0N). it says there are 8 in stock but you may have enough inventory.
Agent: Hi Michele I can try to get 7 more, but no guarantees since it's low in stock. I can email you once I get an update or if all 15 are available, should take several hours
Customer: ok. thank you. should i order the QTY. 8 right now to get the ones that are for sure in inventory shipped?
Agent: Yeah I would just in case, especially if another customer buys 1 or 2
Customer: ok. i will order 8 now. while you check on the other 7. thank you.
Agent: Sounds good!  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: that's all. thank you.
Agent: you're welcome! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: bye Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Roy!
Customer: Trying to place an online order, but we are tax exempt and I need help with removing sales tax
Agent: We do accept tax-exempt, but it would be applied after the purchase not during the time of purchase.

In order to apply for tax exemption, you would need to provide valid certificate, which you can send to eStore-support@supermicro.com along with your order number.

Your tax-exempt request will be processed after we have verified that the certificate is valid. 
It usually takes up to 10 business days for the tax amount to return back to your original form of payment.
  Before submitting a request, please review the tax exempt guide carefully.  Incomplete or incorrect submissions will be rejected.
https://store.supermicro.com/tax-exemption-guide
 
Customer: I believe i already have a certificate on file. Can you check?
Agent: Sure. One moment It doesn't look like we've received a certificate from your email address before
Customer: OK, I will send.
Agent: Thanks Roy! Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: That is all thank you
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Andrei
Customer: Hello I am looking to see if you sell MCP-290-00106-0N part. I see it is sold in a kit mcp-290-00054-0 It says this rail kit includes*:
Front Inner Rail: 2 x MCP-290-00106-0N But I just need a lot of MCP-290-00106-0N not the whole kit
Agent: I see. unfortunately, we are not carry the MCP-290-00106-0N only on our eStore. You can contact our resellers or distributors to see if they carry it https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy Or contact our RMA department to see if they can support RMA department email address: rma@supermicro.com
RMA department phone #:  1-408-503-8000 option 3
 
Customer: We did and they said that Supermicro doesn’t seem to have this part in their system.
Agent: I see. You can contact our RMA department to see if they can support.
Customer: Ok, thank you. I will try
Agent: Otherwise, sale team also can help Sales-USA@supermicro.com
Customer: How do I contact the sale team? Oh. Thank you!
Agent: You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: No, this is all i needed
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Bye Hello. How may I help you? Hi Is it possible to get a CAD file of the following: MCP-260-00011-0N?
Agent: Hi Tyler I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not provide CAD files from the eStore. Please check with our technical support team at support@supermicro.com 
Customer: OK thanks
Agent: you're welcome Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: nope
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Hovig
Customer: Hello Liz can you check if you have this product in stock. PDB-PT826-8824
Agent: Sure, let me check for you.  It's currently out of stock now, I can request more for this PDB-PT826-8824. May I know how many do you want? Also where do you plan to ship this product to?
Customer: I only need one for my server and it will be shipped in Canada.
Agent: I see. I'm sorry, but unfortunately, our Supermicro eStore currently only ships within the United States. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy 
Customer: Ok thanks Liz
Agent: You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: Well i have a system but i dont know whats the chassis number. Its a 60bay hdd server with 36 front hdd and 24 back hdd. I needed to know if this product i sent will fit in there and also what type power supply i need. Thanks
Agent: Can you please provide the part number of the server or serial number if possible? Please follow this guide to find the serial number  https://www.supermicro.com/en/support/rma/sn
Customer: Thats the problem i have no serial numbers i bought just the chassis with only the backplanes inside.
Agent: So no lable on the chassis too? It should look similar like this
Customer: No i have no labels.
Agent: I'm sorry, I cannot recommended the part compatibility without the exact part number/ SN of your server, unfortunately. You might need to contact your supplier to see if they have any information of this server I'm sorry for this inconvenience
Customer: Ok thanks again
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Thats it thank you
Agent: Np. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Rhett !
Customer: Hello I need advice on a home server quiet, tower, preferred 8 core, 64 or 128GB RAM with RAID support
Agent: I see Do you have an eStore account set up ?
Customer: not yet
Agent: I can get you the server access if you create an account, in that case you can check our configurator for Whisper Quiet Workstation on eStore. https://store.supermicro.com/customer/account/create/
Customer: okay, thanks
Agent: SuperWorkstation 7039A-i is a Whisper Quiet Workstation https://www.supermicro.com/products/system/tower/7039/SYS-7039A-i.cfm Please create an account so you can configure your own server
Customer: okay... sorry, I have a work call but I will create that account and get back to you
Agent: Sure, please come back so we can assist you Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: no, thanks
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? I would like to send by email our inquiries for SuperMicro Products
Agent: Hi Maria
Customer: what is best emailtouse
Agent: Our email is estore-support@supermicro.com Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: great can you also share list of authorized distributors for SuperMicro products?
Agent: https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy
Customer: great- thanks !
Agent: You're welcome Hi Matt ! 
Customer: Hello
Agent: I see your question regarding the power supply option Unfortunately we will not be able to recommend a proper one since we only validate Supermicro systems with Supermicro power supplies.  For you to calculate the proper wattage for your system, I'd recommend to use power supply calculator online ( just simply google "power supply calculator") to give you a good idea what wattage you need for your system. What is your Supermicro full tower complete part number please ?
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hi I work for BT and we have a 10G switch SSE-X3348S that's reporting fan issues we think this is the reason more than half of the ports are disabled could you suggest a replacement product for the fans?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: thanks
Agent: I don't see the fans are listed under SSE-X3348S  which means the fans are not sold separately
Customer: oh ok.. so we can't replace the  fan block? the switch is out of warranty now so are we saying it's dead?
Agent: How many years have you had this switch ?
Customer: just a second, checking the year it was bought it was bought in 2013
Agent: Yeah, it is pretty old. Do you know why more than half of the ports are disabled ? Because the fans are not powerful enough ?
Customer: we don't know
Agent: I see. Let me check internally and see if we have any way to help you
Customer: I could not see any information actually showing they are down the only warning i can see is about high temperature 4 out of 5 temperatures reported is 40~ degrees while 1 is 60 degrees and there is a warning on 1 or more fan failures
Agent: I see. Thanks for the info. Can I email you after checking internally via bayartdamien@gmail.com?
Customer: yes please could you use damien.bayart@bt.com instead?
Agent: Sure, will do Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: no that's it for now thank you very much
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: thanks you too oh just one more thought
Agent: Yeah
Customer: upon rebooting the switch, the ports come back up again very briefly hence our thoughts something must be turning them off, possibly the temperature/fan warning but again i've not seen any evidence of the fact they are shut down or off in the ui but we have no ip and there's no light on all the faulty ports from the left side only 12 ports are working all on the right side of the switch
Agent: Got it, I will check internally for this as well  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: thank you not that's all this time
Agent: You're welcome. 
Customer: have a nice week end
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Thanks ! you too !
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hi there I have a board that I would like to update BIOS through IPMI
Agent: Hi GradyI Is it for A1SRI-2558F?
Customer: Yes
Agent: Unfortunately, OOB is not supported for this motherboard so you'll have to update the BIOS locally for this. Sorry for the inconvenience
Customer: For some reason my board doesn't make it to BIOS It is stuck at Initializing B0
Agent: Oh that's odd. I would recommend checking with our dedicated technical support team to troubleshoot your issue. you can reach them at support@supermicro.com 
Customer: Ok so you want me to email that email address for support?
Agent: (408) 503-8000 yeah you can email or call them
Customer: Ok thanks Kyle
Agent: they're here 9-6PM PST you're welcome Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: No thank you, have a great day!
Agent: Thank you! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Good bye Kyle Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Russell
Customer: Hi there, I'm looking for a replacement power management board CSE-PTJBOD-CB3 for this chassis, but I'm not finding it available from your estore or through any vendors. Do you know how I could find a replacement?
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry CSE-PTJBOD-CB3 on our eStore. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.
https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy  Otherwise, you can also check with our RMA department
Customer: Thanks, I have done that, and can't find any that carry this part
Agent: RMA department email address: rma@supermicro.com
RMA department phone #:  1-408-503-8000 option 3
 
Customer: Okay, thanks - I'll reach out to them
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Nope, but I appreciate your help
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Charles!
Customer: hello I need return a purchase ORDER #1000023695
Agent: To submit an RMA  (return) request, please utilize our new support portal at https://webpr3.supermicro.com/SupportPortal/. If you have not submitted a request before, please register prior to doing so.  
Customer: ok sounds great thanks so much
Agent: No problem Charles! Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: not today take care
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Javier!
Customer: hey Hello. How may I help you? your website estore will not allow me to enter a separate billing and shipping address
Agent: Hi George ! Please give me a moment while I check for you.  After you enter the shipping address, did you uncheck this one?
Customer: There is no box to uncheck
Agent: Can you show me your screenshot ?
Customer: I figured it out...Had to add another address
Agent: Ah I see. I was still trying to duplicate your case Good to know you got it Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: No..all set
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Lance
Customer: Hi Liz, I installed VMware ESXi 7.0.2 on the server I purchased After I installed I only put on two VMs and ran for a month or so to make sure the server was running ok before I started more VMs over to it Last Friday I moved two more VMs to that server and the server crashed. meaning we received a purple screen with PF Exception 14
Agent: I'm sorry to here that. For the software issue, please contact our technical support team at Support@Supermicro.com
Tel: +1 408-503-8000  
Customer: Thank you
Agent: You're welcome. Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: That is everything Thank You
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Matthew! 
Customer: I just made an order #1000023847 

I accidentally bought 1 unit when I needed 2. Is there any way to edit the order.
Agent: I see
Customer: I don’t want to double pay for shipping that’s all
Agent: Unfortunately we can not edit the order. The fastest way to do this is canceling the order and reorder again Please log in to your account https://store.supermicro.com/customer/account/login/referer/aHR0cHM6Ly9zdG9yZS5zdXBlcm1pY3JvLmNvbS9jdXN0b21lci9hY2NvdW50L2xvZ291dFN1Y2Nlc3MvP3V0bT1oZWFkZXI%2C/ My account --> My orders. You should be able to cancel it from there
Customer: Ok great. How long will the refund take?
Agent: I don't think the card is charged yet since the order has not been shipped out I see your order has been canceled Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: No!
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hi Liz !
Agent: Hi Derek
Customer: I'm trying to find out what your stock QTY is on MCP-290-00060-0N, and the lead time on it?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  We currently have 2 in stock https://store.supermicro.com/rail-kit-adapter-set-mcp-290-00060-0n.html May I know how many of this do you want?
Customer: ok
Agent: We can request more stock for this 
Customer: I'd have to get back to you on that, but more than two for sure. what would the lead time for for approx. 7 more
Agent: I can request for transfer more stock from our warehouse, it would take approximately several hours to complete Do you want me to request 7 pcs for you?
Customer: I'm just getting a timeframe on everything I need. I don't need this at this moment, but sometime in the near future.
Agent: Sure. Please let us know when you plan to purchase. We can request more stock for you
Customer: Alright Liz, Thank You.
Agent: You're welcome. Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: not at the moment, thanks!
Agent: No problem. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Wyatt
Customer: Hi Jim. I think the cable that goes from my front panel to my motherboard is no longer working, and I am unable to find the replacement on your store. CLB-0048 - it's a 16-pin (front panel) to 20-pin (motherboard) cable.
Agent: Ahh. Yea, we don't carry that cable unfortunately. You should check with our RMA team to see if they have this cable:

RMA department email address: rma@supermicro.com
RMA department part phone #: 1-408-503-8000 option 3
 If they don't, I would recommend checking with our resellers as well.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy
Customer: Thank you very much. I will reach out to them. Have a great day!
Agent: Sounds good. Thanks Wyatt, you too!
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Brenda!
Customer: Hi I would like to order 25 MCP-220-00043-0N. Website says you have 10 in stock but you may have enough inventory to complete order. Can you check?
Agent: May I know if you are located in the United Sates ? States*
Customer: yes. Westford Mass 01886
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: ok ty
Agent: I will need to make an inventory transfer and email you when the stock is ready Is Brenda.McGrath@Nokia.com the best email to reach you ?
Customer: ok thank you. I assume I canb pay by cc??? yes that is the best email.
Agent: Yes, if the credit card is issued within the US
Customer: yes it is
Agent: and tied to an US billing address Sounds good
Customer: yes
Agent: I will email you when the stock is ready Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: no I'm all set.   ty
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Same to you. :)
Agent: Thanks!
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? (MCP-210-82601-0B) -When will this item be in stock?
Agent: Hi Laura Let me check How many were you looking for? We may be able to allocate inventory for it
Customer: 20 each?
Agent: I can request for 20 pcs if that's what you need
Customer: What is the typical lead time?
Agent: It may take 2-4 hours for them to be available I can email you back once I get an update or they are available
Customer: That is okay. I am working on a costing diagram right now, so until approved I can't order. I would just need to know a general lead time.
Agent: Ah understood. Typically, if you request for an out of stock item, we can usually make it available within 24 hours usually 2-4 hours.  Unless its completely out of stock
Customer: That is great news. I'll make a note of it. Thank you for your assistance.
Agent: You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: I think that is all for now. Thank you.
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Laura
Customer: How can I get a formal quote for 20 (MCP-210-82601-0B)  Belzel for 2 U Chassis?
Agent: You can submit a quote request for that SKU using this URL:

https://store.supermicro.com/quote#MCP-210-82601-0B Someone will reach out to you shortly after you submit the request
Customer: Perfect. Thanks.
Agent: No problem! Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: No thank you. Have a great day.
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? hi Kyle, do you have Qty 6 of 	MCP-290-00058-0N  in stock?
Agent: Hello! Let me check for you
Customer: we typically buy through distribution (Ingram, D&H , etc)... can we buy direct?
Agent: You should be able to. It looks like we currently have 2 pcs, but I can request for 4 more pcs. This transfer request may take 2-4 hours so either late today or tomorrow morning, it will finish. I can email you once they are available.  Just let me know if you'd like to proceed and I'll get that started for you Are you still there? Let me know if you'd to proceed, thank you!  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Team Buyers!
Customer: hi I spoke to an agent earlier but our chat closed due to inactivity on my part as I had to take a work call we need Qty 6 of MCP-290-00058-0N I was told you have 2 units and would have to transfer more does that mean you certainly have 6 units? We typically buy from distribution but was told by them that they're still waiting on stock from orders as far back as November
Agent: Yes, we can request 4 more for you, but it will take some hours to finished the process to available for you to purchase. Do you want me to make the transfer?
Customer: yes please
Agent: Sure. Can I email you via buyers@t2computing.com?
Customer: for clarification, would it be a transfer from another warehouse in the US? that email works
Agent: It will transfer from our warehouse  and it is within the city too Thank you for confirming the email. I will make the request and email you as soon as the process is completed.
Customer: appreciate it, should I wait for the transfer before placing the order online?
Agent: Currently, we only have 2 for you to place the order online. It's up to you if you want to wait for 4 more and place them in the same order.
Customer: I will wait then
Agent: Sound good! Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: would I then have a link to purchase all 6 from the email to follow?
Agent: I will send the email to let you know when the product is ready including the link also
Customer: got it, I'm all set then have a good one
Agent: Thank you. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Charles!
Customer: Hey Joe I am trying to register on your website so I can start an RMA. I signed up, but when I submit for a password recovery I never get anything. On top of that if I register new, it says the email is already in use.
Agent: Have you checked your spam folder?
Customer: yes is there an way to get my account activation resent?
Agent: I can check internally to hep with resetting the password. 
Customer: ok great
Agent: I will email you when it is ready to go.  Is digitaltrance@gmail.com the best email to reach you ?
Customer: yes it is
Agent: Are you returning the heatsinks you purchased with order #1000023695 ?
Customer: Yes, I need to return it the server I bought came with 2 heatsinks already
Agent: I see. So you don't need any replacement then
Customer: that is correct its still here unboxed
Agent: I see So to proceed RMA, you actually don't need to go through eStore account. To submit an RMA  (return) request, please utilize our new support portal at https://webpr3.supermicro.com/SupportPortal/. If you have not submitted a request before, please register prior to doing so.  
Customer: If this is your first time using this page, please create an account using the ⌈Register⌋.
If this is your first time using this page please select this link ⌈Forgot password ⌋ to set your password. its asking me to sign in
Agent: Our RMA portal and our eStore are separate systems, if you never did a RMA through our RMA portal before, you will need to create an account
Customer: so I return through eStore, i dont need an RMA ?
Agent: Did you register an account through this link ?https://webpr3.supermicro.com/SupportPortal/Account/Register
Customer: yes, and that is where I am stuck. It's saying I have an account, but then when I do a password recovery/forgot password I dont get any emails its in limbo state I never got a confirmation email either when i signed up
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  Can you show me a screenshot when you try to login and what message the system pops up ?
Customer: it just loops, no error message
Agent: Hmm. Can you try with a different browser?
Customer: yeah sure same, just tried on Edge my default is Firefox
Agent: Can you use a " New Private Window " with Firefox ?
Customer: yeah sure same is there a way to delete my register account and i can recreate it? is it even showing?
Agent: That I will need to check internally and get back to you on this, 
Customer: ok cool
Agent: So far when I enter any wrong info, the screen pops " wrong email or password!" message. Not sure why yours not moving at all Let me check internally and email you as soon as I can
Customer: yeah, i dont get anything ok great, thanks a lot Joe
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: thats all  for now
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: take care
Agent: You too !  Thanks!
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Lyndell
Customer: Hello.  I'm hoping for a quick sanity check that the rails: CSE-PT52L are compatible with SYS-5019P-M
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: Sure.  Thank you
Agent: Yes, the  CSE-PT52L works with the chassis of SYS-5019P-M. You also can check it at the optional part list of the SYS-5019P-M chassis CSE-813MFTQC-350CB2. https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/chassis/1U/813/SC813MFTQC-350CB2
Customer: Perfect, thank you so much
Agent: You're welcome. Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: Nope, that was it
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Thanks you too Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Kris! 
Customer: Hey Joe! sorry, dumb question here. Just created my estore account and it will not let me enter a Canadian address. What have I messed up :)
Agent: I see. I am sorry but we currently only can sell and ship within the United States
Customer: really? I see. Okay then, thanks for your help.
Agent: You're welcome.  Here is reseller's info just in case you need it :https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: no that it everything. thanks!
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Is the above part available?
Agent: Hi Deborah We don't carry this on the eStore unfortunately. Please check with our Sales team at Sales-USA@supermicro.co Sales-USA@supermicro.com If not, with our resellers: https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy
Customer: Is the part widely available?
Agent: Not too many available so I'd recommend checking with Sales first. 
Customer: Hold on, I have another part.
Agent: Ok
Customer: How about this one: AOM-TPM-9671V
Agent: We don't carry any TPM on the eStore so you'll also have to check with them or our resellers
Customer: Ok thanks Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Leo
Customer: How are you!
Agent: I'm good. How are you? Thank you for asking
Customer: I sent a request and got a reply for a qoute of 100 pcs of MCP-260-00084-0N. Shall I wait for another email when this quantity will be available?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: ok
Agent: Yes, we will email you again as soon as the inventory for the MCP-260-00084-0N is ready
Customer: OK. TY.
Agent: You're welcome. Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: No, thank you.
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Jeff! 
Customer: Hi Joe name of product:
Supermicro MiniSAS HD to 4 Right Angle SATA (75/75/90/90cm) with Sideband 75cm Descriptio75/75/90/90cm with Sideband 20cmn: *description - what is the actual length of the sideband cable?
Agent: Are we talking about CBL-SAST-0810?
Customer: Correct
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  I am sorry for the mixed information. For CBL-SAST-0810, the Sideband is 75cm We will fix the info on our site ASAP
Customer: Thank you!
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: All set for now, thanks!
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: you too! Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hello, how can I help you?
Customer: Hi. I recently purchased one of your motherboards from amazon. It did not include the back plate to close off the system. They said they can't help me. It was also listed as "new" but I really doubt it. It came in a static bag, in a box with nothing else but the motherboard. I was wondering if you guys sell the part?
Agent: Hi Dan That's unfortunate. So it didn't come in with any I/O shield, SATA cables, or quick reference guide either? Unfortunately, we don't carry this part. I would recommend checking with our RMA department at rma@supermicro.com 
Customer: It didn't come with any of that and it was labeled as new. I personally wouldn't buy a second hand motherboard. Thank you for your time. I will contact you RMA department. I appreciate it
Agent: Yeah understandable and you're welcome.  I would definitely double check with the seller as well to see if it's brand new, refurbished, or used, maybe even get a replacement from them.  Hopefully the seller or RMA can be of help! Can I help you with anything else?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Dan Erickson left the following comment: Kyle was very responsive and straight forward. Your company no longer carries the part I need but Kyle gave me some direction to hopefully find it Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: hi Vick
Customer: Hello, I created my new account and it is confirmed, but when I'm trying to see any available servers I cannot go past https://store.supermicro.com/looking-to-buy-a-server web page. It redirects me there over and over again
Agent: I see. May I know your new account is this vick@slovo.org email?
Customer: yes
Agent: Thank you. Please give me a moment while I check for you.  May I email you back via vick@slovo.org when this account is enabled? oh. your account already enabled, can you please sign out and sign back in 
Customer: ok i will try
Agent: Please sign in before click on this link https://store.supermicro.com/system.html
Customer: no dice it takes me to Server Contact Us page
Agent: Do you log in at this link? https://store.supermicro.com/customer/account/login/
Customer: yes it now says that my password is incorrect
Agent: Can you please try gain or try to recover the password by forgot password if possible? https://store.supermicro.com/customer/account/forgotpassword/ again!
Customer: resetting it
Agent: Thank you
Customer: ok. thanks. it works now Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Vick
Customer: Hi, do your 1U servers ship with rails, or I need to buy therm separately?
Agent: Rails will be included with the barebone. You don't have to buy it separately
Customer: ok. thanks Hello. How may I help you? Can you check availability for: Supermicro 16GB 288-Pin DDR4 3200 (HMA82GR7CJR8N-XN) Server Memory?
Agent: Hi Jonathan Sure, let me check 
Customer: Thanks The eStore has it listed under MEM-DR416L-HL01-ER32.
Agent: Looks to be out of stock (actually end of life), might  have a better chance of getting MEM-DR416L-HL02-ER32 if that works for you.  It's currently out of stock though so I would need to request for more inventory for that one as well How many were you looking for as well?
Customer: What is the specific memory type that you can order? Samsung, Micron code...
Agent: We carry Hynix, Samsung, and Micron. The Micron is currently available
Customer: Is it this one: Supermicro 16GB 288-Pin DDR4 3200 (MTA18ASF2G72PDZ-3G2E1)
Agent: https://store.supermicro.com/16gb-ddr4-3200-mem-dr416l-cl06-er32.html MTA18ASF2G72PDZ-3G2R1
Customer: One moment let me check motherboard compatibility
Agent: Ok sure. Is it a Supermicro motherboard?
Customer: Yes. Supermicro X12SPA-TF
Agent: Ok thanks
Customer: Your website confirms compatibility. I would like to order eight sticks.
Agent: Ok let me check
Customer: Thanks
Agent: Thanks for waiting. It looks like MEM-DR416L-CL06-ER32 hasn't been validated with this motherboard, but the previous version was. 

We currently only have 7 pcs so I'll have to make a request for another one. In the meantime, I will have to check with our PM/support if the newer version is supported just to make sure. I'll email you back once I get an update and all 8 would be available probably tomorrow. 
Customer: Thank you for catching my mistake. Yes, please check support to confirm it works. Do you have my e-mail?
Agent: It shows validated from your end, but we have more details we can check to make sure. Even different revisions or newer versions may not work  Yeah jonathan.bourne@hotmail.com?
Customer: Yes correct e-mail. I made a mistake and didn't compare the entire Micron code. Yes please that it works with the X12SPA-TF.
Agent: Ok will do, don't want you buying that should work on paper but may not work 100% I'll touch base with you tomorrow morning since I'll get an answer by then 
Customer: Of course. Thanks. I'll wait for your e-mail. Have a good night.
Agent: Thanks you have a good night as well! Can I help you with anything else btw?
Customer: That's all for now.
Agent: Ok sounds good, take care again. Good night!
Customer: JONATHAN BOURNE left the following comment: Perfect help! Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Teckla! 
Customer: I need to order 2 qty of those rails I listed but they're only allowing me to select 1 qty can you help me so I can order the qty needed? CSE-PT52L
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  Let me send a request to get more inventory and email you when they are ready for you Is purchasing@psolit.com the best email to contact you ?
Customer: yes
Agent: Thanks!  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: No I just need 2 of those rail kits
Agent: I will email you as soon as they are ready
Customer: Teckla Holmes left the following comment: Helpful person, thank you! Hello. How may I help you? Hi we have a customer with an urgent need for 1 pc for replacement do we have stock to support just 1pc?
Agent: Hi Vivian Let me check
Customer: I don't see stock. this must be under allocation only also, if we can support, can a customer in the US place the order and ship to their customer in Australia?
Agent: It doesn't look like it from our end either. I would have to check with management on this one.  We only ship within the US from the eStore
Customer: yes, please check and let me know thanks
Agent: they would have to ship to a US location and then ship to Australia afterwards
Customer: we can ship to our customer and they will turn around shipping to their customer in Australia
Agent: Yeah I can email you back once I get an update for the PSU
Customer: thanks.
Agent: Np! Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Nico
Customer: Hey Liz. Bought a second hand X9SCM, but it is missing CPU heatsink It has the backplate in place, so what options do I have for CPU cooling?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  Can I email you back via nico@kavaleff.com? I will need to check internally for the heatsink part number of MBD-X9SCM-F
Customer: Yes you can Thanks And do you ship to Europe?
Agent: You're welcome. I'm sorry, but unfortunately, our Supermicro eStore currently only ships within the United States.
Customer: Understand
Agent: You can contact with our resellers or distributors in Europe
Customer: Great
Agent: https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy I will email you for the part number of the heat sink as soon as I can. Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: Is it only the heatsink that is compatible? Not the active cooler SNK-P0046A4?
Agent: I could check if there  is a active cooler heat sink compatible also. May I know which chassis do you use with this motherboard?
Customer: Probably a Fractal Node804. Should fit it
Agent: I'm sorry, I couldn't check the compatible part number with the product which is not Supermicro chassis.
Customer: Just if it compatible with the MoBo With the backplate fitting
Agent: I will check for that and email you back
Customer: thank you!
Agent: You're welcome. Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: not right now, thanks
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: .. Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Santiago! 
Customer: Hello, we are a hosting company based in South America, and are interested in having Supermicro as a provider.
Agent: I see
Customer: We are specifically looking for a 36 bay server right now, but we would like to know what channels are available to see the full catalog. We can see servers parts and accesories in the eStore but nothing as servers are concerned.
Agent: I am sorry since our eStore only can sell and ship within the United States. You will need to contact resellers for the availability.  https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy
Customer: Ok, we have a mailbox in the US that we can use to deliver our infrastructure, but I'm going to check your link.
Agent: What link do you mean ? 
Customer: https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy
Agent: I ee I see
Customer: I checked just a couple of those providers but they don
Agent: Are you able to purchase using US bank credit card payment or US bank ACH payment method ?
Customer: don't list Supermicro servers in their catalogs. I could talk with accounting for that.
Agent: You can also check with the resellers in the US that ship outside of United States
Customer: We usually use Paypal in example.
Agent: I am sorry, we only have either credit card payment or ACH payment option
Customer: Ok, I'm going to check that. Ok. I'm checking with accounting. In the meantime, how can we see catalog available? It's only through resellers or can be directly with Supermicro?
Agent: One moment We just enabled your email address, please log out and log back in to see Systems https://store.supermicro.com/system.html
Customer: Thank you!
Agent: You're welcome. 
Customer: I'm going to relog
Agent: Okay
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hello, I was wondering the availablility on a AS -1014S-WTRT
Agent: Hi Christopher We don't carry any AMD EPYC servers on the eStore unfortunately. Would any Intel offerings work for you though?
Customer: I'm specifically looking for AMD. Unless you have a server that can match 16/32 core CPU
Agent: We do have a few Intel servers that can have 26 or 28 cores. Do you have an eStore account with us already?
Customer: No
Agent: I can provide you access to these servers when you sign up https://store.supermicro.com/customer/account/create/
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Santiago
Customer: Hello Liz I talked with Joe some minutes ago. We are trying to buy Supermicro servers but we are in south america and here is no resellers in our country, Joe told me Supermicro does not ship outside the US, but we have a postal box in Florida we usually use for that. Then he told me we would need "US bank credit card payment or US bank ACH payment method" for the payments are Visa or MasterCard international credits cards allowed for that?
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we currently accept US based credit card or ACH bank transfer only at the moment.
Customer: Ok, thank you for the information.
Agent: You can contact our resellers in the South America to see if they can ship to your country by select South America at search region. https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy Otherwise, you also can check with our Sale team at Sales-USA@supermicro.com  
Customer: Thank you for the help! Good day.
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Connie ! 
Customer: Hi, we have account with SUP, can you help to remove the tax for our online account too?
Agent: We do accept tax-exempt, but it would be applied after the purchase not during the time of purchase.

In order to apply for tax exemption, you would need to provide valid certificate, which you can send to eStore-support@supermicro.com along with your order number.

Your tax-exempt request will be processed after we have verified that the certificate is valid. 
It usually takes up to 10 business days for the tax amount to return back to your original form of payment.
  Before submitting a request, please review the tax exempt guide carefully.  Incomplete or incorrect submissions will be rejected.
https://store.supermicro.com/tax-exemption-guide
 
Customer: ok, got it, thanks
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: yes, how do I send the certificate
Agent: You can send to eStore-support@supermicro.com along with your order number.
Customer: ok, found the link, thanks again
Agent: You're welcome. Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: that's all thanks
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  You're welcome. 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Glenn
Customer: My manager is asking me to get prices for some new servers I have the requirements
Agent: Do you have an account with us?
Customer: Quantity=6, Dual CPU, Upto 8 Core, 64 GB Ram, Raid 1, 1TB SSD or NVME, 1U Form
Agent: Do you have an eStore account created with us? We can grant you access to browse and configure our current server selection. Please register an account and let me know your email address. https://store.supermicro.com/customer/account/create/ 
Customer: CAn we create one? My boss has a personal one We should create one
Agent: Yes, you can. Please register an account and let me know your email address. https://store.supermicro.com/customer/account/create/
Customer: You want the email now or in the app? I tried to configure a server but I did not get  SKU
Agent: You can create an account with the link above and let me know that email. I can request enable the configurator tool for server on our eStore for you
Customer: Well, if I create the account in my managers name will he have to be the one getting the configuration? I am the one tasked to do this. Delegation
Agent: You can create an account under your name and the email should be tied with your email, so you can confirm the email account by that after create
Customer: But we can still create the company account? I guess I dont understand The account page I am on wants a persons name Or is this just for the initial account?
Agent: You can create a Supermicro account, and give the access for your coworker or manager. You can use your manager name also
Customer: OK, weel I dont want him getting the emails just yet. So I can create a server and get prices inmy nmae yes?
Agent: as long as you can get the confirmation link to confirm the account after create it
Customer: OK OK, I got the confirmation email
Agent: Please confirm it and let me know your email address tied with eStore account.
Customer: gfrank@modinds.com
Agent: Please give me a moment to request the access for you
Customer: k
Agent: You should have access our System tab now. Please log out and log back in and click the link below. https://store.supermicro.com/customer/account/login/referer/aHR0cHM6Ly9zdG9yZS5zdXBlcm1pY3JvLmNvbS9jdXN0b21lci9hY2NvdW50L2luZGV4Lw%2C%2C/
Customer: ok, im bck in
Agent: For your requirement, I can recommend the Supermicro CloudDC SuperServer (SYS-120C-TN10R) https://store.supermicro.com/sys-120c-tn10r.html
Customer: can I speak with you on the phone? I may need help navigating
Agent: Can I have the phone number to contact you, please?
Customer: sure. 480-560-6600
Agent: Thank you. We will contact you shortly Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: no, thank
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Jackson
Customer: Hi Liz I have found the spec sheet for this server: SYS-1029U-TN10RT And I was trying to access it through your e-store but I don't believe I have server access authorized on my account?
Agent: May I have your email account please?
Customer: jasi7701@colorado.edu
Agent: I can request an access for you
Customer: Great! And how long does the request take?
Agent: You can access our System tab now once you log out and log back in. https://store.supermicro.com/customer/account/login/referer/aHR0cHM6Ly9zdG9yZS5zdXBlcm1pY3JvLmNvbS9jdXN0b21lci9hY2NvdW50L2luZGV4Lw%2C%2C/ This is the link for Supermicro 1U Ultra SuperServer (SYS-1029U-TN10RT)
https://store.supermicro.com/ultra-server-1u-sys-1029u-tn10rt.html?queryID=4bc83d1062627328383ed731eef76a34&objectID=2624&indexName=supermicro_default_products
Customer: Great! Thank you!
Agent: You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: That'll do it! Have a good rest of your day.
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Hakan
Customer: Hİ
Agent: How can I help you?
Customer: where can I buy the product supermicro 7049GP-TRT i can't find it anywhere
Agent: You can try checking with our Sales team:

Sales-USA@supermicro.com
Tel: +1-408-503-8000
Customer: omh omg
Agent: You can also check with our resellers for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy
Customer: turkey shipping ?
Agent: Yes, our Sales team can ship internationally
Customer: thanks
Agent: No problem! Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: i'll take it for my company. can you send the test product we will make a bulk purchase 100x 7049GPTRT
Agent: That will be up to our Sales team unfortunately. You should mention it when you contact them
Customer: Thanks good bye
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hello, can I help you with anything?
Customer: hi im looking at this: Supermicro (Hynix) 32GB 288-Pin DDR4 3200 (PC4-25600) Server Memory (MEM-DR432LC-ER32) it says out of stock
Agent: Hi Shahar
Customer: do you have a diffeert brand that is the same specs?
Agent: Is it for a Supermicro motherboard or system?
Customer: no
Agent: Oh I see
Customer: Precision 5820 Tower XCTO
Agent: Let me check then
Customer: thank Yoy Thank You
Agent: We have the Hynix version: https://store.supermicro.com/32gb-ddr4-3200-mem-dr432l-hl02-er32.html HL01 version is EOL so this one is the replacement
Customer: it will work? i have an existing 16GB already currently have 16GB 2x8GB DDR4 2933MHz RDIMM ECC Memory
Agent: If it's different memory capacity, that I'm not sure. It's usually not recommended since you mention 32GB initially Let me check on the 16GB then
Customer: אישמל טםו Tx it need to match to the SKU
Agent: We don't have anything compatible or available with those specs unfortunately. I would recommend checking with Dell in this case. 
Customer: really...any other supplier you can reccomand me?
Agent: https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy you can check with any of these distributors in your area Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? We are building our own server system and want to use your power supply PWS-1K22A-1R and want to know if the power distribution PDB-PT826-S8824 is compatible with this supply
Agent: Hi Kevin! Please give me a moment while I check for you.  I'll need to check internally to see if that power distributor is compatible with PWS-1K22A-1R	 Is it OK if I email you back at kevin.woods@teledyne.com once I find out?
Customer: that is perfect. Thank you
Agent: No problem! Hope to have an update for you soon Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: maybe once you tell me yes :)
Agent: Sounds good. I'll help you out after I get an update. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: bye Hello. How may I help you? Hi I am looking to see if you can grab 2-4 for more of PWS-706P-1R
Agent: Hi Laurie It's running low at this point, I'll have to double check with the PM to see if we can get anymore.  I can email you once I get an update 
Customer: Ok please do, I will grabbing the one it allows me to now
Agent: It looks like we only have that 1 available unfortunately actually. 
Customer: OK thanks for your help!
Agent: you're welcome! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: not that is it today!
Agent: Ok sounds good. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Redhian
Customer: hi how are oyu i am looking at getting this item MCP-290-00053-0N
Agent: May I know where do you plan to ship this product to, please?
Customer: australia, is this item end of life
Agent: This product is still active on my end. Please contact our resellers in Asutralia for availability since we only sell and ship within the U.S  https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: dicker data no stock
Agent: I see. You can contact our RMA department to see if they can support 
RMA department email address: rma@supermicro.com
RMA department phone #:  1-408-503-8000 option 3
  Also our Sale at Sales-USA@supermicro.com Can I help you with anything else?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: hi John
Customer: Hi Liz. Thanks for helping. I'm trying to get pricing for the above mentioned server with 3 A40 GPUs installed. We would also like to install 2 10G network cards.
Agent: I'm sorry, our eStore don't carry AMD EPYC server. Do you interested in Intel CPU server? We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hi
Agent: Hi Alvin! 
Customer: This is related to order 1000023885 I ordered a BMC OOB license but wasn't able to activate it After generating the activation key, I received an email with the key, however the system I am using requires a file to be uploaded If I try to put the key into a file and upload it, the IPMI Web GUI says that the format is incorrect.
Agent: What motherboard is this ?
Customer: H12SSW-NTR So I am looking for some guidance on how to format the key properly into the file that will be accepted by the system
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  What BMC MAC address is yours ?
Customer: 3CECEF7EC653
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  Please bear with me for a few more minutes while I check for you. 
Customer: ok
Agent: It looks like something went wrong when our system sent you the key, it should be a file. Can I check internally and get back to you on this ? Is sysadmin_group@watershed.ai the best email to reach you?
Customer: yes, that's fine Thanks
Agent: You're welcome.  Sorry for the inconvenience !  I will email you as soon as I can Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: no that's all for now Thanks!
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Derrick
Customer: hi I'd like to check compatibility MCP-220-00118-0B with our existing server SSG-6029P-E1CR12L
Agent: Sure, let me check for you.  Yes, the MCP-220-00118-0B works with your system. You also can check see it at the Optional Parts List in our main website
https://www.supermicro.com/products/system/2U/6029/SSG-6029P-E1CR12L.cfm Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: that is all thank you very much
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Ralph!
Customer: CBL-SAST-1154-85 did get or need this cable
Agent: If you're looking to install NVMes, then you will use CBL-SAST-1154-85 to connect it to JNVMe2 on your motherboard The cable does not come included with the 740A-T
Customer: It was or is not a red *
Agent: I'm sorry, could you clarify?
Customer: look on parts list
Agent: Yes, it's listed as optional
Customer: no
Agent: The items under the optional parts list are not included with the system when purchased
Customer: this is changed from my list. please and two NVMe cables to cart.
Agent: How many NVMes are you looking to install? Since 1 cable can support 2 NVMes, I'd like to make sure you are ordering the correct cable quantity
Customer: 4
Agent: OK, thanks for confirming Ralph The only cable we carry on our eStore is CBL-SAST-0816, which would plug into JNVMe1 on your motherboard:

https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-slimline-sas-x8-to-2-x-oculink-x4-28cm-cable-cbl-sast-0816.html
Customer: Sata cbl?#
Agent: Are you asking for the part number for a standard SATA cable?
Customer: QTY.
Agent: I'm sorry, could you clarify?
Customer: HOW many sata cbl did i geeett
Agent: I believe you would have received 2x CBL-SAST-0631 (Cross-over Mini SAS HD to 4 SATA w/SB, S. 55cm. 30AWG)
Customer: This is my third tower. I have been ripped off, the SMC dealers, and others that don't care!
Agent: I'm sorry you feel that way Ralph. Unfortunately, there's not much I can do from my end, especially after we've finalized this latest configuration with you. Is your concern that not enough cables were included?
Customer: What do I need I bought the damn thing. I bought MVMe and one M.2 and no cables.
Agent: As I mentioned previously, we don't include cables that are listed under optional parts. If the NVMes were purchased with your configuration, we would have them installed with the appropriate cables. 

Again, I apologize for any confusion and the inconvenience, but the only cable we carry on our eStore that you can purchase to install 2x NVMes is CBL-SAST-0816.

https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-slimline-sas-x8-to-2-x-oculink-x4-28cm-cable-cbl-sast-0816.html CBL-SAST-1154-85 is not carried on our eStore so you will have to check with our Sales team or our resellers to purchase it.

Sales-USA@supermicro.com
Tel: +1-408-503-8000 https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy I hope this information has been helpful. Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: I just copied info. THANKS I think!
Agent: No problem Ralph. Again I apologize for the confusion. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: OK Ralph Wostenberg left the following comment: I am still looking for parts! Hi, I had a chat here last week about our faulty 12G switch and what were our options to try and get it fixed. I was expecting an email back but I've not received it yet. would you be able to help? (10G switch)
Agent: I did reply you through  damien.bayart@bt.com as you requested Did you get the email ? I just sent the email to you again through bayartdamien@gmail.com as well  damien.bayart@bt.com. Here is the reply I got from the switch PM : 
Sorry we don’t have FAN/assembly as spare parts for SSE-X3348 series switches.
Since it is out of warranty, please change the entire switch.
 Can I help you with anything else?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hi,
Agent: Hi Vasiliy
Customer: Does this model have a remote access controller card option?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  Please bear with me for a few more minutes while I check for you.  Can you explain more about the remote access controller card option?
Customer: That is like a dedicated card with the network port which can be used for remote management of the servers with ability to reboot it or power off when OS hangs
Agent: Yes, all of our servers have the remote access controller which is IPMI port build in
Customer: Dell servers call it DRAC and HP severs call it iLO or something okay, so I don;t need to order it separately, right?
Agent: no, it goes with the server You don't have to
Customer: okay thank you
Agent: You're welcome. 
Customer: if i put a product in the cart, can I save it as a quote?
Agent: Yes, you can go to your cart and it will have a save quote button  Do you plan on purchasing from our eStore?
Customer: ok thanks, bye Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Bill!
Customer: Do you have any of these ins tock: MCP-220-84701-0N
Agent: How many were you looking to purchase?
Customer: 20x
Agent: Unfortunately, that SKU isn't carried on our eStore. You'll have to check with our resellers or our sales team to purchase this drive tray. 

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy

Sales-USA@supermicro.com
Tel: +1-408-503-8000 I apologize for the inconvenience. Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hi Kyle. I need to purchase 10 units of MCX455A-ECAT. Could you please advise if you have inventory ready fo r my order?
Agent: Hi Hung-Chang I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry that product on our eStore. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy  Or with Sales team at Sales-USA@supermicro.com Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Thank you
Agent: You're welcome!
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: hi Vick
Customer: hi, a have a question. I'm configuring a server and need to know the model number of storage controller. The description says "supermicro 12Gb 8 port sas pcie raid adapter", Can i get more details on this one?
Agent: Sure, let me check for you.  It's a AOC-S3008L-L8E. You can check at this link for more information 
https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/accessories/addon/AOC-S3008L-L8e.php May I know your configuration please?
Customer: but this is not a RAID controller... I need one that supports RAID SYS-1029P-WTR
Agent: May I know all of your requirement for this system please? or can you screenshot your configuration? This system can do onboard RAID, but if you wants a RAID controller, I can help you with the pre-config
Customer: I need a dedicated RAID controller, not an onboard nor HBA
Agent: this system supports a AOC-S3108L-H8IR-16DD controller card. I can help you with the pre-config if you want this You can check more spec of this system on our main site https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/system/1U/1029/SYS-1029P-WTR.cfm This is the link for the controller card https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/accessories/addon/AOC-S3108L-H8iR.php The eStore configuration doesn't have option for this controller. I can help create the quote and pre-configured this system for you. May I know your full configurate specs for the SYS-1029-WTR such as CPU, memory, drives and # of RAID?
Customer: ok great I need just one CPU to start with: Intel® Xeon® Silver 4215R, 64GB of memory (16GB sticks), 2 1.2TB SAS hdds (will get more later), no OS. Also want to get 3year NBD warranty.
Agent: May I know your RAID setup please? 1 for 2 drives?
Customer: raid1
Agent: ok. Thank you for the information Can I email you the quote via vick@slovo.org?
Customer: can you sent me a configuration to my e-mail: vick@slovo.org please?
Agent: sure. I will do
Customer: sure thanks
Agent: You're welcome.  I will put them together and send the email for you as soon as possible. Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: sounds good. this is it. have a great day.
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Samuel!
Customer: Hi, looking for Supermicro Server Chassis Rack Mount Handle Ear Can you help me find this item?
Agent: Do you have your chassis SKU?
Customer: or just a model number?
Agent: We don't actually sell the ears seperately on our eStore, but I can try to identify a P/N for you.
Customer: Thanks 
Supermicro 2U Server X9DRI-LN4F Does that help?
Agent: Unfortunately no since that's just the motherboard SKU
Customer: Okay, please hold on.
Agent: OK. If there's a serial number you can provide, I can try doing a reverse lookup as well to identify your chassis number.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/support/rma/sn
Customer: Chassis [SKU C8260FD14M10430]
Agent: Thanks Samuel! One moment.
Customer: Thanks Jim
Agent: When you say ear, you're referring to the chassis handles right? On both left/right sides?
Customer: Correct. I think the SKU is 01-SC82611-XX00C003 but not sure.
Agent: The SKU for the handle set is MCP-290-82605-0V. This should include both the left and right handles. 

You can try contacting our RMA department to see if they can sell you this SKU, or you'll have to check with our resellers for availability.

RMA department email address: rma@supermicro.com
RMA department part phone #: 1-408-503-8000 option 3

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy
Customer: Wonderful.  Thanks for your help.
Agent: No problem Samuel! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Not today.
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hi Jim,  I'm back again.
Agent: Welcome back Samuel!
Customer: The RMA transferred me to the Tech support. They couldn't help. This is the item I'm looking for https://www.truenas.com/community/attachments/img_4265-jpg.17562/
Agent: Yea, that looks to be MCP-290-82605-0V. When I look that SKU up, I see the same handles. I guess our RMA team might not have any inventory left for this handle to sell
Customer: I looked up that number and nothing comes up
Agent: Here's what I found when looking up that SKU
Customer: Yep that is them.
Agent: OK, so the SKU should be good. I think we just don't have the inventory to sell it You may have to check with our resellers in this case to see if they have any available. https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy
Customer: ok.  Happy hunting... I guess.
Agent: Good luck my friend.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: Thanks for checking again.
Agent: No worries! That's what we're here for
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hello, I was wondering if there's a 2x2.5" rear drive kit for nvme drives
Agent: Hi Cort For which server model#?
Customer: SC216
Agent: Ok let me check  Surprisingly there is not unfortunately, just SATA3/SAS 
Customer: OK, thanks for checking
Agent: You're welcome Can I help you with anything else?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Udi
Customer: Hi.  I placed an order today for Overnight AM delivery and the order is still in processing stage.. Order # 1000023903 I must have it tomorrow morning.
Agent: Yes, It will be shipped out by the end of today and should be delivered to you by tomorrow morning.
Customer: OK.  Thank you!
Agent: You're welcome. Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: No.  Thanks again.
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Bye. Hello. How may I help you? I need to place an order and wanted to know the estimated delivery time on it
Agent: May I know what your are purchasing from eStore?
Customer: I need to order the following


    2x SuperMicro SYS-6019U-TR4:

    2x Intel Xeon Silver 4210R 2.4GHz 10 Core Scalable Processor (DDR4-2400)
    192GB DDR4 2933MHz ECC RDIMM (12x 16GB)
    2x 480GB SATA SSD D3-S4510
    Intel i350AM4 Quad Port 1GbE
    Supermicro 10-Gigabit (2x RJ45) Ethernet Network Adapter
    2x 400W Power Supplies
    Sliding Ready Rail Kit
    3 Year Parts and Labor Warranty Included




    1x SuperMicro SYS-2029U-TN24R4T:

    2x Intel Xeon Silver 4210 2.2GHz 10 Core Scalable Processor (DDR4-2400)
    192GB DDR4 2133MHz ECC RDIMM (12x 16GB)
    2x 480GB SATA SSD D3-S4510 (Rear Bay)
    6x 3.2TB 2.5" DC P4610 NVMe PCIe 3.1 Solid State Drive
    Intel X550 Quad 10GBase-T Ports
    2x 1600W Power Supplies
    Sliding Ready Rail Kit
    3 Year Parts and Labor Warranty Included
Agent: For server, we cant ship out within 2-5 business days.
Customer: I guess first i would need to have a quote for these 3 servers and then see what delviery time would be
Agent: I see
Customer: can you provide me a quote for these 3 servers ?
Agent: Are you able to add these 2 servers to your cart ? Sorry 3 servers I meant Excuse me for my typo.  For server, we can ship out within 2-5 business days.
Customer: https://store.supermicro.com/sys-6019u-tr4-pre-config.html
https://store.supermicro.com/sys-2029u-tn24r4t-pre-config.html i was provided these two links with the servers built out but they are not working
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: thank you so much
Agent: Please bear with me for a few more minutes while I check for you. 
Customer: take your time, thank for helping me out with this, its appreciated
Agent: Can you try again with both links ? https://store.supermicro.com/sys-6019u-tr4-pre-config.html
https://store.supermicro.com/sys-2029u-tn24r4t-pre-config.html
Customer: not yet does not work
Agent: https://store.supermicro.com/sys-6019u-tr4-pre-config.html?=p1 https://store.supermicro.com/sys-2029u-tn24r4t-pre-config.html?=p1 Please try again
Customer: ok they work
Agent: The estimated delivery time can be different depends on what shipping method you are choosing
Customer: trying to add to cart again, on link went dead okay got them both in the cart perfect
Agent: Great!  Were you able to add 2 pcs SYS-6019U-TR4 and 1 pc SYS-2029U-TN24R4T to your cart?
Customer: ok so here is what is going on I need to order these items under my companys name, with my companys contact information , we will be paying with a credit card but i need to know what the shipping will be on these two units
Agent: We provide free Standard (3~5 business days) shipping.  You also can choose Expedited (2 business days), Overnight (Next business day) or Priority Overnight with shipping cost
Customer: perfect, thank you , I will need to edit my contact informtion first before ordering them, so let me work on that, i already have them in the cart so i will order them once i have my information updated I think i am good for now, thank you for your time
Agent: Sounds good. Please purchase soon. I don't want the inventory runs out before you place your order You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: will do thanks
Agent: You're welcome. 
Customer: do you show the items in stock right,
Agent: Yes, they are in stock right now.
Customer: perfect, thank you
Agent: You're welcome. 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi John ! 
Customer: Hi! I am looking for two things for some SYS-5019C-MR servers I have First, I need either a rail kit or an adapter to rack the server in a 4 post rack with screwholes instead of cage nuts. something like MCP-290-00060-0N. I I don't know what is compatable
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: no problem
Agent: CSE-PT52L https://store.supermicro.com/1u-cse-pt52l.html?queryID=d8dce207d84e517c4fa86dc3b5596d41&objectID=669&indexName=supermicro_default_products CSE-PT52L is compatible with your server
Customer: Great! secondly, I am looking for a 2 post rack rail kit for the same server model
Agent: I see  Let me check. Please bear with me for a few more minutes while I check for you. 
Customer: no problem
Agent: MCP-290-00016-0N	 is the 1U open rack bracket set you need for 2 post I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry MCP-290-00016-0N on our eStore. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy  or  You can check with RMA department for the availability  RMA department email address: rma@supermicro.com
RMA department phone #:  1-408-503-8000 option 3
 
Customer: THats fine. I have a part number now, so I can shop
Agent: Sounds good Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: I'm good. Thank you.
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: bye Hello. How may I help you? System A+ Server 2114GT-DNR one Motherboard node that is the H12SSG-AN6
Agent: Hi Aziz We don't carry any AMD EPYC servers on the eStore unfortunately. Were you looking for this specific one only?
Customer: Yes. OK thanks, i will find an account rep.
Agent: If so, you may have to check with our Sales team at Sales-USA@supermicro.com Ok sounds good Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: bye.
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Jorge! 
Customer: hello, I need help getting a quote updated in my cart i currently have 1 SuperMicro SYS-6019U-TR4: I need to add another one can you help
Agent: https://store.supermicro.com/sys-6019u-tr4-pre-config.html?=p1 Now it should work Can you try again ?
Customer: so just go to the cart and add one more
Agent: Yes please 
Customer: thank you done
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: nothing else thanks
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: hi Frankie
Customer: can you please tell me when I will be able to purchase 100 units of CBL-SAST-0591?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  I can request more stock for you. Can I email you back via francesco.mignano@chyron.com when the stock is ready?
Customer: yes please
Agent: Thank you! Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: no, thats it
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Jorge!
Customer: hello hope you are doing well on your end
Agent: You as well
Customer: I need help setting up an order and added to my cart please
Agent: What can I do for you?
Customer: first one would be this 2x SuperMicro SYS-6019U-TR4:

    2x Intel Xeon Silver 4210R 2.4GHz 10 Core Scalable Processor (DDR4-2400)
    192GB DDR4 2933MHz ECC RDIMM (12x 16GB)
    2x 480GB SATA SSD D3-S4510
    Intel i350AM4 Quad Port 1GbE
    Supermicro 10-Gigabit (2x RJ45) Ethernet Network Adapter
    2x 400W Power Supplies
    Sliding Ready Rail Kit
    3 Year Parts and Labor Warranty Included
Agent: OK. It looks like you had a previous 6019U-TR4 configuration that you worked out with Joe. Did you still want that configuration, or would this one replace it?
Customer: this will be the replacement
Agent: Ahh OK One moment while I get this prepared for you
Customer: I also need one of these 1x SuperMicro SYS-2029U-TN24R4T:

    2x Intel Xeon Silver 4210 2.2GHz 10 Core Scalable Processor (DDR4-2400)
    192GB DDR4 2133MHz ECC RDIMM (12x 16GB)
    2x 480GB SATA SSD D3-S4510 (Rear Bay)
    6x 3.2TB 2.5" DC P4610 NVMe PCIe 3.1 Solid State Drive
    Intel X550 Quad 10GBase-T Ports
    2x 1600W Power Supplies
    Sliding Ready Rail Kit
    3 Year Parts and Labor Warranty Included so 3 units in total
Agent: OK, thanks Jorge. I'm working on the first configuration right now and we should have something for you in a few minutes here
Customer: 👍
Agent: For the 2029U configuration, the lowest speed RAM we have is 2666. Will that be OK?
Customer: so no 2933MHz
Agent: Oh, we do have 2933. Your configuration has 2133
Customer: sorry that was wrong one
Agent: Ahh OK
Customer: so they wanted 2133MHz and you have 2666 ok,
Agent: Yes, we have 2666 but not 2133 Will 2666 be OK?
Customer: ok that works
Agent: https://store.supermicro.com/sys-6019u-tr4-pre-config.html?=p3 Please login to your eStore account to view this link If everything looks good, you can add 2x of this system to your cart Currently working on the 2029U configuration now
Customer: added to cart,
Agent: Awesome, and everything looks good for that?
Customer: I am asking my co-worker to look it over
Agent: Sounds good. Should be just a few more minutes for the 2029U configuration, then I'll have a link ready for you
Customer: 👌
Agent: https://store.supermicro.com/sys-2029u-tn24r4t-pre-config.html?p=3 Sorry for the delay. Here is the link for the 2029U system Please review, and if everything looks good you can add it to your cart Just to confirm, the 2x 480GB SSDs are for the rear bay correct?
Customer: having my co-worker look it over yes
Agent: Perfect, thanks for confirming.
Customer: perfect, okay thank you , my co-worker says all looks good, now i need to reach out to finance to get the golden card to place the order
Agent: Sounds good Jorge! Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: no thank you for all your help on this its really appreciated
Agent: No problem at all. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: you too Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Steve
Customer: We currently have "0" of the "Supermicro 2U Active CPU Heat Sink Socket OLGA4094 (SNK-P0063AP4)" in stock, but we may have enough inventory to complete your order. Please contact us via "email or live chat" do you have one of these?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  We have 1 in stock for this SNK-P0063AP4. Can you please try again? https://store.supermicro.com/2u-active-amd-epyc-snk-p0063ap4.html
Customer: got kit... thanks
Agent: You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: no ill place the order nwo have a good weekend
Agent: You're welcome. 
It was nice talking to you. Have a great weekend, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? need to purchase replacement motherboard X11DPI-NT
Agent: Hi George I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry any motherboards on our eStore. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy  or check with our RMA team for a replacement at rma@supermicro.com  Can I help you with anything else?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Michael!
Customer: Hi Jim,  I have a couple of questions.  First, does Supermicro have a partner reseller program?
Agent: Yes we do. You would have to contacting our marketing team for inquiries regarding the reseller program.

Marketing@Supermicro.com
Customer: Perfect.  Second, all the manufacturers I am working with are unable to provide me with network gear, are you guys having a supply chain issue getting switches?
Agent: I believe it's more caused by the ongoing component shortages and we're having trouble keeping up with the demand
Customer: okay.  My main vendor has told me that I would have to wait a couple of months for switches, but when my clients go to another partner, they get switches within a few days.  So I'm looking for a company I can work with that wont treat me like that.  I've had one switch on order for 2 months now and they said it could be next quarter before it ships...
Agent: I see. I apologize for all the delays you're running into.

Unfortunately, we don't carry switches on our eStore, but you can try checking with our Sales team to see if there are any switches that you can purchase directly from us:

Sales-USA@supermicro.com
Tel: +1-408-503-8000
Customer: Thank you!  I appreciate it.  I need to upgrade my datacenter and replace all my older servers so if I can get all my hardware from one place, that would be incredible.  You would make my day if you said you have firewalls too.
Agent: We unfortunately don't have firewall servers on our eStore, but if you have an eStore account, I can grant access to our server configurator so you can take a look at our selection All the servers on our eStore are ready to build and ship within 2-5 business days
Customer: EXCELLENT.  I like that.  I don't have an estore account.  I have checked out your servers several times over the years and heard great reviews, so that is what brought me to your site, then seeing the networking options you had, I was hooked.  What do I need to do to create an estore account?
Agent: We're glad you stopped by 🙂

Please use this link to create your account. Once your account is verified, let me know what email address you used for the creation and I'll enable the configurator tool for you.

https://store.supermicro.com/customer/account/create/
Customer: Going there now.  Can I just leave this chat window open while I create it?
Agent: Yes you can
Customer: I used michaeld@method-net.com
Agent: Awesome, thanks Michael
Customer: no, thank you.
Agent: Your account should now have access to the ‘Systems’ tab on our eStore. You may have to log out/log back in before you can access the configurator. 
Customer: Thank you.  I will check it out now.  I really appreciate all your help Sir.
Agent: No problem at all Michael, that's what we're here for 🙂  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: No, that does it.  I need to reach out to the sales team to find out more about the switches.  Do you know if they have a pricelist available online or if I just need to reach out to the sales team?
Agent: I don't believe they have a pricelist available online so you would have to reach out for pricing.
Customer: That's fine.  I really appreciate your help.
Agent: Of course! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Have a great day too. Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Tracy
Customer: Hi Liz, does the SYS-5019C-MR come with the redundant power supplies or is there an extra charge for that Also does it come with TPM enabled
Agent: This system is already has the redundant power supplies. You don't have to purchase seperately. TPM is not optional If you want to add TPM to this server, I can help you with the configuration
Customer: Sure.  I have a server in the cart already, is there anything i would need to add to this?
Agent: Can I have your full configuration for the SYS-5019C-MR, please?
Customer: 1 intel e-2224G 2 x 8 GB DDR 2 x 480GB 2.5 PM883 SSD 1 x 2 rj45 gigabit ethernet 2x mcp-220-0043-on 3.5 to 2.5 converter tray 1 x windows 10 pro 1x supermicro rackmount kb and mouse combo
Agent: Thank you for the information.   and 1 TPM right?
Customer: correct 1 tpm chip enabled
Agent: thank you for confirming. Please give me a moment while I'm working on the configuration for you.  Can I email you back via tratz@clarityscg.com for the pre-configured link?
Customer: sure.  i will need two of these systems
Agent: So do you want 2 systems with same configuration?
Customer: yes
Agent: Thank you for confirming. I will email you shortly for the pre-configured link. Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: that is it.  thanks liz
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hi Kyle, I'm looking for 4 pieces of Supermicro (Hynix) 64GB 288-Pin DDR4 3200 (PC4-25600) Server Memory (MEM-DR464MC-ER32) Site says you only have 3
Agent: Hi Ryan Let me check for you Please bear with me for a few more minutes while I check for you. 
Customer: no problem
Agent: We should be able to get 1 more pc, but give me a few min. 

It most likely won't ship out today though since its later in the day so it'd be shipping Monday if that's ok. 
Customer: that's not a problem. Monday is fine
Agent: Ok sounds good. Please refresh the product page and add 4 now You should be able to check out with 4 pcs!
Customer: hello
Agent: Hi Janbec! 
Customer: i have a question about the mMCP-240-82922-0N-OEM i have a 6028U-TR4T+ server with the megaraid SAS controller in a riser card already how can i install the rear drive bracket and still have the megaraidcontroller in the riser card on server
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: you got it...thanks
Agent: Which SAS controller card is it please?
Customer: LSI 9361-8i
Agent: May I know which slot you are using for LSI 9361-8i ?
Customer: if you are looking at the back of the server its one on the right in the top position
Agent: I see Got it! So you do have a WIO Riser Bracket installed already ?
Customer: yup are the pice slots the same?
Agent: Can you check the manual from the product page ? https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/system/2U/6028/SYS-6028U-TR4T_.cfm Starting page 6-7
Customer: which one is the 16 slot? i must be blind i just saw it i guess i can move the sas controler and install this thing
Agent: Try it and let us know if it doesn't work
Customer: ok
Agent: You can reach me at estore-support@supermicro.com
Customer: you got it thanks bye
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: you too
Agent: Thanks!
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? hola buen dia donde puedo adquirir un Supermicro E300-9D-4CN8TP en Colombia
Agent: Hi Kevin!
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Feankie! 
Customer: looking for the lead time on CBL-SAST-0591
Agent: How many are you looking for ?
Customer: in the next 30 days we'll need 50 but will take more if that accelerates
Agent: Currently we have 2 available. I can make an inventory transfer request for 50 pcs and email you when they are ready Is francesco.mignano@chyron.com the best email to reach you ? The request is in
Customer: yes it is thank you
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Jason!  We do accept tax-exempt, but it would be applied after the purchase not during the time of purchase.

In order to apply for tax exemption, you would need to provide valid certificate, which you can send to eStore-support@supermicro.com along with your order number.

Your tax-exempt request will be processed after we have verified that the certificate is valid. 
It usually takes up to 10 business days for the tax amount to return back to your original form of payment.
  Before submitting a request, please review the tax exempt guide carefully.  Incomplete or incorrect submissions will be rejected.
https://store.supermicro.com/tax-exemption-guide
 
Customer: So I will receive money back after my tax exempt form is accepted?
Agent: Yes, you will get the tax refund back to your credit card after 10 business days if your request is approved
Customer: Thank you
Agent: Before submitting a request, please review the tax exempt guide carefully. Incomplete or incorrect submissions will be rejected.
https://store.supermicro.com/tax-exemption-guide You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: No thank you! Hello. How may I help you? I NEED A PHONE NUMBER TO REQUEST STOCK MOVED OVER SO WE CAN PLACE A LARGE ORDER?
Agent: Hi CJ
Customer: https://store.supermicro.com/80mm-fan-0118l4.html?utm=MOTION60fan
Agent: We don't have phone support unfortunately, just live chat and email support currently. How many were you looking for?
Customer: I NEED 60 OF THESE IF AVAILABLE NOW
Agent: Let me check on availability We do have 60 pcs available right now, just simply add to cart and check out
Customer: Ok thank you for the help
Agent: you're welcome #ee Can I help you with anything else?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi CJ!
Customer: I  need to get the taxes off this order? Can I send over a tax cert?
Agent: Yes. We do accept tax-exempt, but it would be applied after the purchase not during the time of purchase.

In order to apply for tax exemption, you would need to provide valid certificate, which you can send to eStore-support@supermicro.com along with your order number.

Your tax-exempt request will be processed after we have verified that the certificate is valid. 
It usually takes up to 10 business days for the tax amount to return back to your original form of payment.
  Before submitting a request, please review the tax exempt guide carefully.  Incomplete or incorrect submissions will be rejected.
https://store.supermicro.com/tax-exemption-guide
  Is there anything else I may help you with today?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hi Liz, hope you are doing well
Agent: Hi Benjamin I great. How are you?
Customer: Also doing well thanks I am looking to purchase some of these  power cables with part number CBL-0424L

https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-8-pin-to-two-6-2-pin-12v-gpu-40cm-power-cable-cbl-0424l.html?queryID=25a8668940088c086499791fa41ee5c5&objectID=1223&indexName=supermicro_default_products But I see that they are out of stock Will they be restocked or maybe you can help me to pruchase them?
Agent: How may of CBL-0424L are you looking for?
Customer: I am looking for at least 3 but would most likely buy some more if it is available, since it seems that they could go out of stock again
Agent: Yes, it is available and I can request for inventory transfer. It will need some hours to complete the transfer. If you want me to request more than 3, please let me know how many exactly. I can request inventory for you as the same time
Customer: Okay just one moment please
Agent: Sure, please take your time 🙂 
Customer: Are you able to transfer 12?
Agent: Yes, I can.
Customer: Okay lets do that please
Agent: Can I email you back at bengji@yahoo.com when the stock is ready?
Customer: Could you actually send the email to domenic.r@setplex.com ? Or both?
Agent: Sure, I will email for both email when stock is ready.
Customer: Perfect thank you!
Agent: You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: No, thats all
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Thanks you too. Take care
Agent: Thank you 
Customer: benjamin dreshaj left the following comment: Issue resolved quickly Hello. How may I help you? I need a quantity of 20 pcs. for Part # Cable OCULINK X4 (SFF-8611) 95cm. You only have 8 in stock. when will the other 12 become available?
Agent: Hi Barbara Let me check for you. CBL-SAST-0848 correct?
Customer: Correct
Agent: Ok thanks, please give me a moment We're running low on this, but I will request for 12 more. Hopefully will get approval and transfer in 2-4 hours if that's ok.  I can email you once they are available
Customer: Great. Thank you. You can email me @ barbara.scolavino@teledyne.com. Also, should I wait to place my order for the 8 that you currently have in stock? This way I can pay for all 20 pcs. at one time?
Agent: If you don't want to spend on shipping twice, I'd wait for all 20 pcs. If we can't get 12 more pcs, I'll let you know asap so that you can purchase those 8 though
Customer: Thank you very much!
Agent: You're welcome! #ee Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: No, that was it. Have a nice day.
Agent: Thank you! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Dave
Customer: hello i would like to know if AOC-SLG3-2H8M2 is avaialble as a part
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry AOC-SLG3-2H8M2 on our eStore. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy 
Customer: ok Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Bruce!
Customer: We placed an order in January that was apparently lost so we had to place a second order for the same item. We were issued a credit for the missing item but it has just shown up at our facility. How would you like this item returned.?
Agent: Thank you for reaching out. We'll send you a shipping label via email that you can use to send that package back to us.
Customer: Sounds good
Agent: Is BWELCH@STELLARENGINEERING.COM a good email to use?
Customer: yes
Agent: Perfect, thank you! I'll reach out to you with an update once the label has been prepared. Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: not today thank you
Agent: Thank you as well. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Chris! 
Customer: Hey there! Just had a technical question about the X11SSH-F I'm showing that the motherboard has 2 M.2 slots, just wondering if RAID 1 is supported on the M.2 slots?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: Thanks!
Agent: Please bear with me for a few more minutes while I check for you. 
Customer: No problem, appreciate it!
Agent: Are you installing NVME M.2 ?
Customer: Yes, they'd be NvME
Agent: I would like to check internally for the NVMe RAID 1 for your motherboard Can I email you after checking internally ?
Customer: Oh yeah, no problem!
Agent: Is cu.north@gmail.com the best email to reach you ?
Customer: Correct!
Agent: Thanks! I will email you as soon as I can Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Perfect, much appreciated! Nope that's it for now, thanks!
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Jerry How can I help you today? We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  We do accept tax-exempt, but it would be applied after the purchase not during the time of purchase.

In order to apply for tax exemption, you would need to provide valid certificate, which you can send to eStore-support@supermicro.com along with your order number.

Your tax-exempt request will be processed after we have verified that the certificate is valid. 
It usually takes up to 10 business days for the tax amount to return back to your original form of payment.

 Before submitting a request, please review the tax exempt guide carefully.  Incomplete or incorrect submissions will be rejected.
https://store.supermicro.com/tax-exemption-guide
  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Jerry
Customer: how do I become tax exempt
Agent: We do accept tax-exempt, but it would be applied after the purchase not during the time of purchase.

In order to apply for tax exemption, you would need to provide valid certificate, which you can send to eStore-support@supermicro.com along with your order number.

Your tax-exempt request will be processed after we have verified that the certificate is valid. 
It usually takes up to 10 business days for the tax amount to return back to your original form of payment.
  Before submitting a request, please review the tax exempt guide carefully.  Incomplete or incorrect submissions will be rejected.
https://store.supermicro.com/tax-exemption-guide
 
Customer: will I have to do this with every order or once I am approved it will be attached to my account
Agent: You would only need to send your certificate in once, but you would have to email us for every order that you are looking to apply tax exempt to
Customer: so I would need to pay the tax on the order and then wait for a tax return credit for each order?
Agent: Yes, that's correct
Customer: ok that seems odd other on line stores have a record of my tax exempt status and I do not have to do this
Agent: I apologize for the inconvenience. It's still something that's being worked on internally, so this is how we are handling our tax exempt cases.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: no thats all
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Chris
Customer: I'm looking to buy 5 of these MCP-290-00060-0N When adding to the cart, I get a message that only 2 are in stock and to ask chat if more are available
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: Ok
Agent: I can request more stock for MCP-290-00060-0N. It will take some hours to complete. Can I email you back via claboy@hollywoodfl.org when the transfer is done?
Customer: Yes
Agent: Thank you for confirming. Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: That's it Thanks
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Charles !
Customer: I purchased the correct OOB board part number, but the mac address is erroring when I try to generate my product key
Agent: May I know your eStore order number?
Customer: 1000023809
Agent: Did you use BMC MAC address?
Customer: ac-1f-6b-8e-9f-78 this is what the error looks like
Agent: Can you try with the serial number ? VM17BS047875 https://store.supermicro.com/pub/media/wysiwyg/productspecs/SFT-OOB-LIC/How-to-generate-OOB-keys.pdf
Customer: I just submitted and for some reason it's just hanging yay, it worked thank you
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: that's it thank you
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Net Admin
Customer: Hi I am trying to purchase 1 piece "SFT-OOB-LIC". I am in Canada and you Cart doesn't not have Canada as an Address option. so no matter what I put in the address verification fails.
Agent: I’m sorry, but our OOB license is only available for US-based customers (US billing address) to purchase at the moment. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy 
Customer: That's not good. It'll take 1-2 days to get it that way.
Agent: I'm so sorry for this inconvenience. If you happen to have an US billing credit, you can purchase OOB direct from us
Customer: thanks...already thinking who in our company might have that. :-) thanks anyway!
Agent: You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: nope\ Hello. How may I help you? looking for a 45-60 drive server with slots 3+ for pci cards
Agent: Hi Eldon! We only carry 2 servers on our eStore with the capacity that you're looking for:

https://store.supermicro.com/systems/superstorage.html One can hold 45 bays, the other can hold 60 bays
Customer: can you send a phone # for tech sales contact
Agent: Unfortunately, our eStore does not offer phone support
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Eldon!
Customer: when will these be in stock SSG-6049P-E1CR60H
Agent: This one is temporary out of stock. Would you like to consider the 45 bay ?  SSG-6049P-E1CR60H will be in stock sometime next week
Customer: can i place an order now
Agent: What configuration do you have for the complete system ?
Customer: as many  16TB sas3 12Gb/s hard drives as it can hold,  10gig fiber nic  256 ram 2 processor 4215R 3.20GHz 960 GB 2.5" SSD for OS 2 - 960 GB 2.5 SSD for os mirrored maybe more details later do you have these parts?
Agent: We can put your configuration together and send you a pre-config link.  Do you have more details you want to add to this configuration ? Do you want to order it now and it won't  be built until later ? Yes, correct.
Customer:  send a pre-config link for my review thank you
Agent: Sure, I will email you a quote to your email address eldon@eckankar.org first and go from there For NIC, do you want 10GbE RJ45 or SFP?
Customer: spf
Agent: thanks I will send you a quote soon Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: all for now
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Just a heads up The payment plan we have on eStore is credit card and ACH payment
Customer: ok we are a non profit - tax exempt
Agent: I see We do accept tax-exempt, but it would be applied after the purchase not during the time of purchase.

In order to apply for tax exemption, you would need to provide valid certificate, which you can send to eStore-support@supermicro.com along with your order number.

Your tax-exempt request will be processed after we have verified that the certificate is valid. 
It usually takes up to 10 business days for the tax amount to return back to your original form of payment.
 
Customer: i can get you the cert once i have a order number RAID 10 on the 60 disks
Agent: Got it ! One moment Windows Server 2019 Datacenter, Windows Server 2019 Essentials or Windows Server 2019 Standard  Which one do you have in mind?
Customer: no os we install our own if possible
Agent: Got it !
Customer: we will install 2022 standard
Agent: I see Anything else?
Customer: all for now
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: thank you
Agent: You're welcome. 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Ipex Info
Customer: hi , we are reseller , how to apply tax exemption
Agent: We do accept tax-exempt, but it would be applied after the purchase not during the time of purchase.

In order to apply for tax exemption, you would need to provide valid certificate, which you can send to eStore-support@supermicro.com along with your order number.

Your tax-exempt request will be processed after we have verified that the certificate is valid. 
It usually takes up to 10 business days for the tax amount to return back to your original form of payment.
  Before submitting a request, please review the tax exempt guide carefully.  Incomplete or incorrect submissions will be rejected.
https://store.supermicro.com/tax-exemption-guide
 
Customer: apply after order ?
Agent: Correct
Customer: will be one time or for each order need to apply
Agent: You just have to send the certificate to us one time, but need to send email for request the tax-exempt for every other that need to
Customer: ok, order will ship first & tax will be refund?
Agent: Yes, please send the tax-exempt request to us after you placed the order as soon as possible Please read the  tax exempt guide carefully
Customer: great , thank you
Agent: You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: no , thank you1
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Dale
Customer: Do you ship to Canada?
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, our Supermicro eStore currently only ships within the United States. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy 
Customer: That's disappointing. Your US store is the only place I've been able to find the part I'm looking for.
Agent: I'm sorry for the inconvenience. You can contact our RMA department to see if they can support. RMA department email address: rma@supermicro.com
RMA department phone #:  1-408-503-8000 option 3
  or Sale team at Sales-USA@supermicro.com   Can I help you with anything else?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Peter!
Customer: Can we order qty. 3 of the PWS-505P-1H and have them on b/o?  What would be the lead time for shipping?
Agent: Unfortunately, our eStore doesn't handle backorders for our products. Let me see if there's any additional inventory that we can transfer for you. One moment I apologize for the delay, but unfortunately, PWS-505P-1H will not be available till March due to shortages. 

Please check back again around next month or you can check with one of our resellers/distributor: https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy If you want, you can also enable notifications for this product by using the Notify Me option:

https://store.supermicro.com/500w-1u-pws-505p-1h.html Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: No, thanks for your help.
Agent: No problem Peter! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Ben !
Customer: Hi, I'm looking to order either 32x or 96x 	
Supermicro (Samsung) 32GB 288-Pin DDR4 2933 (PC4 24300) Server Memory (MEM-DR432LC-ER29) shortly and was wondering whether you have stock and what the delivery time is?
Agent: May I know where you are located?
Customer: United Kingdom
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, our Supermicro eStore currently only ships within the United States. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy 
Customer: OK I will do, thanks Joe
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: that's all, thank you for your help
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  You're welcome. 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? need to place order
Agent: Hi Ipex Info
Customer: https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-hgst-12tb-3-5-7200rpm-sas3-12gb-s-256m-internal-hard-drive-hdd-a12t-huh721212al4200.html qty 10
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  Unfortunately, we only have 1 in stock at the moment. Do you want me to check the ETA for this product?
Customer: please
Agent: The ETA is the end of March. Please check back with us by the end of March for more inventory. Otherwise, you can contact with our resellers or distributors for availability. 
https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: no thank you
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Alice!
Customer: Hello, I am trying to paid for a quote online. the quote has a Supermicro SuperWorkstation Full-Tower (SYS-7049AT)
Agent: Could you upload the quote to this chat? Or provide a screenshot for the quote?
Customer: I just attached it
Agent: Thank you! What I'll need you to do is log out of your eStore account, then log back in Afterwards you should be able to access this link

https://store.supermicro.com/full-tower-sys-7049a-t.html This will direct you to the system that is in the quote, but you will have to select the components accordingly Here is the link to the monitor:

https://store.supermicro.com/monitor-23-8inch-mnt-smc238f.html
Customer: I got the monitor. Thank you
Agent: You should be able to just update the quantity for the components listed on the quote Please let me know if you need any assistance identifying the proper components
Customer: Sure. are you able to double check to see if I missed anything?
Agent: Of course. I can't see your cart or screen, so could you take a screenshot of what you've selected? It looks like you've got everything 🙂 
Customer: perfect. thank you
Agent: You should be able to add it to your cart and checkout from here No problem! Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: Yes, I added the server in the cart, and it didn't show up when I tried to check out.
Agent: Let me see if I can reproduce that on my end Could you try holding CTRL+F5 on your keyboard until your screen refreshes? Let me know if the system shows up in your cart afterwards
Customer: no, the server didnt show up, but the cart said 2 items
Agent: That's interesting. Please give me one moment and I'll check internally to see if there's anything we can do
Customer: sure thankyou
Agent: No problem. Can you try clicking proceed to checkout and see if it shows up on the following page?
Customer: it doesnt, but the total is the server and the monitor
Agent: OK, one moment Can you try removing the monitor from your cart and let me know what happens after?
Customer: that killed the cart
Agent: OK, can we have you go back to the system page and reconfigure it, but this time scroll down to the bottom and add +1 quantity of the monitor? https://store.supermicro.com/full-tower-sys-7049a-t.html I apologize for the inconvenience
Customer: Would that be an issue for me to move forward to check out?
Agent: Can we get permission to log into your account to add this server to your cart?
Customer: sure
Agent: Yes, it may cause issues if you proceed with checking out Thank you. One moment OK, on our end we refreshed your cart and added the configuration again.
Customer: thank you
Agent: Could you try logging out or maybe try another browser if the issue still persists?
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Mathew
Customer: Hello! I am curious on your server pages if you guys sell preconfigured 1U racks?
Agent: Do you have an eStore account created with us? 
Customer: I do not yet.
Agent: Please register an account and let me know your email address. https://store.supermicro.com/customer/account/create/ 
We can grant you access to browse and configure our current server selection.
Customer: mcornelius@dynamatech.net
Agent: Please give me a moment.  You can access our System tab now once you log out and log back in. https://store.supermicro.com/customer/account/login/ We have several 1U servers on our eStore. Do you look for any specific SKUs? 
Customer: Not at the moment, starting to work with alot more clients and am searching for options.
Agent: Sound great! please let us know if you have any question Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Will do! Thank you for the help! Not at the moment!
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Mathew Cornelius left the following comment: Super friendly and quick to assist! Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi SOUNKERE! How can I help you?
Customer: Hello iam looking for this MG07ACA12TE and i want to know if you can ship to ivoiry coast
Agent: Unfortunately, we can only ship within the U.S. Please check with our resellers for availability:

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy You can also try checking with our Sales team:

Sales-USA@supermicro.com
Tel: +1-408-503-8000 Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: nop thank you
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Tom! 
Customer: Hi I am looking for the MiniSAS cable.  The one I used before was SAST-0531-01 but vendor has no stock.  Is SAST-0531 the same cable?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: I couldn't tell the difference from the spec except the list of validated system is different.
Agent: They are the same cables 
Customer: thank you.  I will get it from my distributor.
Agent: You're welcome. Sounds good. Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: thanks. have a nice day. bye.
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Chad !
Customer: Hello Joe - I was approved to access the store yesterday, but I still cannot get in. Can you help with that?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  Please log out and log back in again and see if you can access the configurator. https://store.supermicro.com/system.html
Customer: Ok, one moment That worked - tthank you
Agent: You're welcome.  Please let us know if you need any assistance for your configuration Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Not currently - have a nice day
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Hung
Customer: Hi Liz. Good to talk to you again
Agent: Good to see you again!
Customer: I need 40 units of (PWS-1K23A-1R) Can you please help to release these for my order?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: Also 20 units of (PDB-PT825-8824) please help with these 2 SKU's
Agent: Sure, let me check for you. 
Customer: Thank you so much Liz!
Agent: The PWS-1K23A-1R stock is running low currently. I will try to request 40pcs, but I cannot guarantee it will be approve. 
The PDB-PT825-8824 is in stock right not, but it is not enough 20. I can request more stock for it Can I email you back via s910372@hotmail.com? I will let you know either the  PWS-1K23A-1R got approve or not. Also the stock of PDB-PT825-8824 is ready
Customer: Yes. Please let me know when you confirm you have or do not have the inventory for my order.
Agent: Sure, I will
Customer: Thank you again for your help!🙂
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: I am good. Thanks Liz!
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  I will email you back as soon as possible.
Customer: I'll await your info. You have a good one🙏
Agent: Thank you!
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? i just place a order #1000023989
Agent: Hi Ipex!
Customer: for hdd-a12T-huh721212al4200
Agent: Yes, how can I help you regarding this order?
Customer: i need order qty 10 not 11 pcs
Agent: Ahh OK. Unfortunately, we can't alter the quantity after you've placed your order. You would need to cancel your order and then reorder with the correct quantity
Customer: how to cancel ? please
Agent: Please login to your eStore account and use this link to view your Order history

https://store.supermicro.com/sales/order/history/ From here, you should be able to cancel this order
Customer: ok i will try Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Roy!
Customer: Hello, looking to see if you can fulfill an order for Qty. 23 of CBL-PWEX-1016-3 website shows out of stock
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: thank you
Agent: CBL-PWEX-1016-3 is out of stock. Do you want to check next ETA ?
Customer: yes please
Agent: Can I email you when I get the update regarding ETA ? 
Customer: sure
Agent: Is roy.fraley@nrel.gov the best email to reach you ?
Customer: correct
Agent: Thanks! 
Customer: thank you
Agent: I will email you as soon as I can Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: that is all
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Chris
Customer: I'm configuring a server and have a question about the RAID configuration.
Agent: Sure, what is your question, please?
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Chris
Customer: I'm configuring a server to order and have questions about RAID adapters.
Agent: Sure. What is your question about it, please?
Customer: I've added several types of disks to the configuration.  Does the server come with a RAID adapter or is it motherboard based?
Agent: It will come with the RAID adapter option at RAID tab as picture below
Customer: I have that option, but also at the bottom of that section is "VROC, Intel, Premium, Standard" I can select one of those and then configure additional drives that I've added to the configuration.
Agent: If you want to do RAID for the NVMe, you will need to select the VROC option.  May I know what storages you want to choose for this configuration?
Customer: 2 NVME in RAID 1 3NVME in RAID 5 3 Sata SSD in RAID 5 one M.2 for vsphere OS.
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  For the M.2, we don't have that option for the configurator on eStore. We can help you with the pre-configured for this server May I know your complete configuration, please? We can create a pre-config link for you.
Customer: I was wondering about that.  I have the eStore open in another window and there's no M.2 option.
Agent: For the RAID 5 for SSD, it would be the on board RAID is that ok with you?
Customer: Here's my complete config:

2 x Intel Gold 6326
4 x 64GB DDR4
1 x 256GB M.2 NVMe
3 x 2TB DC P4510
2 x 4TB DC P4510 NVMe SSD
3 x 3.84TB PM883 SATA SSD
AIOM 10-Gigabit (2 x SFP+) the 3 x 2TB DC P4510 are in RAID 5 the 2 x 4TB DC P4510 are in RAID 1
Agent: For the M.2 we only have 480GB, 800GB and 960GB are available
Customer: the 3 x 3.84TB PM883 are in RAID 5 I had the 256GB configured and in my shopping cart. Can you give me prices on those options?
Agent: I'm sorry, the configurator might got glitch at the moment. Let me check the price option for you They are $147 for 480GB, $243 for 800GB, and $208 for 960GB
Customer: I'll take the 480GB.
Agent: ok. Thank you for the information.
Customer: Here's a copy of the config in my shopping cart:
Supermicro CloudDC SuperServer (SYS-620C-TN12R)
See Details
CPU
2 x Intel® Xeon® Gold 6326 Processor 16-Core 2.90 GHz 24MB Cache (185W)
Memory
4 x 64GB DDR4 3200MHz ECC RDIMM Server Memory
Storage
NVMe 3 x 2TB 2.5" DC P4510 NVMe PCIe 3.0 Solid State Drive (3 x DWPD)
NVMe 2 x 4TB 2.5" DC P4510 NVMe PCIe 3.1 Solid State Drive (3 x DWPD)
SSD 3 x 3.84TB 2.5" PM883 SATA 6Gb/s Solid State Drive (1.3 x DWPD)
M.2 1 x 256GB M.2 XG6 NVMe Solid State Drive
Networking
1 x AIOM: Supermicro 10-Gigabit (2 x SFP+) Ethernet Network Adapter
1 x 1 Dedicated IPMI LAN Port
1 x Intel VROC For RAID Support
Accessory
1 x Supermicro Rackmount Keyboard and Mouse Combo (Included)
3 x CBL-SAST-1236LP-85
Agent: Thank you! Please give me a moment while I'm working on your configuration
Customer: So, back to my question about the RAID configuration.  It only shows me the SATA SSD's if I select VROC.  If I choose Intel, Premium, or Standard I then see the NVMe SSD's.
Agent: yes, the NVME will need the VROC controller for setting RAID
Customer: But in the configurator if I choose VROC then I can't configure the NVMe drives.
Agent: Which VROC option do you choose for? Also for the SSD do you choose it as the Rear options?
Customer: Nothing in the rear.
Agent: Thank you
Customer: Under Storage Controller it only shows INTEL SATA and shows only the SATA SSD's. If I select the bullet for "Intel" then another storage controller appears. AOC-VROCINTMOD and I see the NVMe disks.
Agent: The Intel VROC is only for Intel SSD You would need to choose the Premium for RAID 5 of 3 NVME
Customer: Do these choices mean different hard disk controllers will be installed based on whether I choose VROC, Intel, Premium or Standard?
Agent: I'm sorry I'm little bit lost No matter you select the VROC: Intel, Premium or Standard it doesn't affect your intel SATA controller
Customer: Understood.  When I select Premium, does that mean you're going to install a physical adapter in the server?  Or is it just changing the configuration of the bios?
Agent: The Supermicro NMVe AOC-VROCxxxMOD is a hardware key that enables your Intel® Xeon® Scalable Processor motherboard to unlock its Intel-based Hybrid RAID system. https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/accessories/addon/aoc-vrocxxxmod.php
Customer: Now it makes sense.  Thank you.  Do I pay extra for the hardware key?
Agent: Yes, you will have to pay extra for it https://store.supermicro.com/clouddc-superserver-sys-620c-tn12r.html this is the pre-configured link
Customer: How much?  The NVMe SSD's in this configuration are Intel.  The SATA SSD's are Samsung.  Why would I need the Premium version?
Agent: I'm sorry let me check again Yes, you can use the Intel VROC. I'm so sorry for my mistake. However, using the Premium is for flexibility later in case you plans on using 3rd party later on down the line.  Do you want to use the Intel one?
Customer: I'd like to know what the cost is for each of the VROC options.
Agent: For the Premium, it is $352.3. The Intel is $22.50 Standard is $143.10
Customer: I'll stick with Premium
Agent: Sound good. https://store.supermicro.com/clouddc-superserver-sys-620c-tn12r.html is the pre-configured link for your requirement
Customer: If I change my mind about the disks, is there a way for me to update the configuration?  I might want to go with HDD instead of SATA SSD.
Agent: Do you mean you want to change the drive options right now or later?
Customer: I'm having a conversation with my supervisor about it.  Will decide shortly.
Agent: Sound good.
Customer: OK, decision made.  Can we drop the 3 x 3.84TB SATA SSD's and replace them with 3 x 6TB 3.5" Exos 7E8 7200 RPM SATA3 6Gb/s 256MB Cache 512E/4KN Hard Drives?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  https://store.supermicro.com/clouddc-superserver-sys-620c-tn12r.html?p=1 here is the updated link
Customer: OK, so if I like this configuration I can just add it to my cart and buy?
Agent: Yes, that's correct
Customer: OK, thanks for your help.
Agent: You're welcome. Please feel free to contact us if you need any assistance or have any question. Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: Not today, thanks.  You've been very helpful.
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Bye! Hello. How may I help you? I want to add 2 M.2 Drives, but can't find the part # for the plastic screws to attach them to the motherboard
Agent: Hi Bob! Let me see if I can find a P/N for those screws One moment. Unfortunately, I couldn't find any part number for the M.2 screws you're looking for. Please try checking with our RMA team. They may be able to assist you.

RMA department email address: rma@supermicro.com
RMA department part phone #: 1-408-503-8000 option 3

Customer: Thank you Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Jorge!
Customer: Hello I need to find out if a the 3 items being delivered for the 21st can be delivered on the 22nd cause Monday the 21st is a U.S. Holiday Is that at all possible
Agent: You can contact FedEx for changing  the delivery day or you can pick them up at FedEx 
Customer: do they show shiped out
Agent: One moment https://www.fedex.com/fedextrack/?trknbr=540500966124&trkqual=12023~540500966124~FDEG
Customer: thank you
Agent: https://www.fedex.com/fedextrack/?action=track&trackingnumber=540500966135
Customer: have a great day
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Chris
Customer: I'm trying to add a configuration to my cart but it warns me that you may not have enough inventory to complete the order.

https://store.supermicro.com/clouddc-superserver-sys-620c-tn12r.html
Agent: How many of this system were you looking to add to your cart?
Customer: 2 Here are the items it warns me about.

Home  Supermicro CloudDC SuperServer (SYS-620C-TN12R)
We currently have "1" of the "480GB M.2 7300 PRO NVMe PCIe 3.1 x4 Solid State Drive (1 x DWPD)" in stock, but we may have enough inventory to complete your order. Please contact us via "email or live chat"
We currently have "3" of the "6TB 3.5" Exos 7E8 7200 RPM SATA3 6Gb/s 256MB Cache 512E/4KN Hard Drive" in stock, but we may have enough inventory to complete your order. Please contact us via "email or live chat"
We currently have "1" of the "Intel VROC Premium for RAID Support" in stock, but we may have enough inventory to complete your order. Please contact us via "email or live chat"
Agent: OK, let me double check the inventory on our end We should have enough for 2 of these systems, but we'll need to move some inventory around before you can place your order. The process will take a couple of hours. Is it alright if I email you back at chris@mcneel.com once everything is ready?
Customer: Yes
Agent: Perfect, thank you Chris Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: No
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Bill
Customer: Hi  I would like to know if you can supply the following cable assembly Mini SASHD to MSAS HD Ext cable  length 8m
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we don't carry any Mini SASHD to MSAS HD Ext cable with 8 meters long
Customer: do you who can supply?
Agent: I'm sorry, but I'm not sure who can supply. Please check with other third parties Maybe Amazon etc.
Customer: OK thanks
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: not at the moment, thank you
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hi - just would like to have access to the server configurator
Agent: Hi Matt! Do you already have an eStore account created with us?
Customer: I do and I'm logged in can try logging in and out again, could be a cookie issue
Agent: One moment, let me enable it for your account
Customer: ah, thank you very much
Agent: OK, your account mattprice1@hotmail.com should have access now. Please log out/back in again
Customer: thanks, jim! take care
Agent: No problem! Take care as well.
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hi Joe I am trying to buy 2 systems and I got a warning that you only had 1 We currently have "1" of the "SYS-1029U-TR4_" in stock, but we may have enough inventory to complete your order. Please contact us via "email or live chat"
610aa: I see Let me check
Agent: It does look like we only have 1 in stock at the moment Would you like to order one for now  and wait for my update for the second one ?
Customer: Yes, just added the one to the cart
Agent: You will need to order an identical one ( with the same configuration ) after this purchase correct?
Customer: Yes
Agent: Got it ! I will check the ETA for another SYS-1029U-TR4 for you and update you via email
Customer: Sounds great, thank you Joe!
Agent: Is rayb@corestudycast.com the best email to reach you ?
Customer: yes please
Agent: Got it!  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: No, that's it for today Thank you again
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hello~
Agent: Hi Justin!
Customer: I am looking to purchase the item of X9SPV-M4-3QE. is it still available?
Agent: X9SPV-M4-3QE is EOL long time ago
Customer: Aha..I see so no available to purchase?
Agent: It is not available anymore. I am sorry about that! 
Customer: Well noted. Thanks for your help!!
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else?
Customer: that is all I need at this time!! Thanks again~
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: you too thank Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Kelly
Customer: Hello, do you have quantity 8 of this item? https://store.supermicro.com/rail-kit-adapter-set-mcp-290-00061-0n.html
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: thank you so much
Agent: We currently have only 1 in stock, but I can request 7 more for you. Can I email you back via kelly.estes@nutanix.com when the stock is ready?
Customer: Yes please. Do you know typically how long that takes once requested?
Agent: I would expect it complete by tomorrow. Depend on how fast our PM and warehouse process I will email you as soon as the stock is ready
Customer: Thank you
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: No thank you for your assistance
Agent: No problem.  it is my pleasure to assist you. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Ipex!
Customer: i have order need to submit for tax exemption
Agent: We do accept tax-exempt, but it would be applied after the purchase not during the time of purchase.

In order to apply for tax exemption, you would need to provide valid certificate, which you can send to eStore-support@supermicro.com along with your order number.

Your tax-exempt request will be processed after we have verified that the certificate is valid. 
It usually takes up to 10 business days for the tax amount to return back to your original form of payment.
  Before submitting a request, please review the tax exempt guide carefully.  Incomplete or incorrect submissions will be rejected.
https://store.supermicro.com/tax-exemption-guide
 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Daniel !
Customer: I am ready to pay my order, but I can put my billing address in Canada ... I can't...
Agent: I see. I am sorry but our eStore only can sell and ship within the United States  Would you like to check with resellers ? https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy
Customer: Yes, but they have no stock
Agent: I see What are you looking to purchase ?
Customer: MCP-220-00118-0B & SNK-P0068APS4
Agent: I see You can try with our RMA department for the parts RMA department email address: rma@supermicro.com
RMA department phone #:  1-408-503-8000 option 3
 
Customer: Ok thank you !
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: No thank's
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Thanh! Nice to meet you again
Customer: Hi Liz, you are new agent, aren't you? Nice to meet you Hey, I remember you... Yeah...
Agent: 😄

Customer: Hope you are doing well. How is everyone doing?
Agent: Everyone and I are doing great! How about you?
Customer: Joe, Jim still there? I am ok, thanks.
Agent: Yes, they are 😄 Thank you for asking
Customer: See... Hope someday, will meet you guys... I am about 7 miles from your guys.
Agent: we hope to see you too 😄

Customer: My friends and cousins are working with SM. Anyways, I am looking for Supermicro SNK-P0063AP4 3ea. It's out of stock now. Can you transfer?
Agent: Sure. Let me double check the stock for you, please give me a moment my friend
Customer: Thanks Liz.
Agent: We have it in stock and enough for you to purchase. I just updated the stock for you. Can you please try adding 3 again?https://store.supermicro.com/2u-active-amd-epyc-snk-p0063ap4.html
Customer: Thanks Liz. I added 3ea now.
Agent: You're welcome. 
Customer: Awesome. You are pro... hahaha.
Agent: Haha. Everyone here can help you though.Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: I am gonna purchase them now to secure the order. Thanks Liz. That's all.
Agent: Sound good! You're welcome. 
Customer: Again, hope to see you guys someday. for a quick lunch.
Agent: Same here. We will see each others some day It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: BB Liz. Take care. Hello. How may I help you? Hello
This is our first order on the supermicro US store.
Agent: Hi David!
Customer: Order 1000023918
Agent: Yes, what can I do for you in regards to this order?
Customer: Can you tell me if it is in preparation ?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: I have a doubt about the status because of the payment method If the direct debit has not yet been made, can I pay with the Amex card?
Agent: Are you able to verify the 2 microdeposits that were entered into your account on our website? I think that is what's holding up the production We'll need you to verify this before we can proceed
Customer: At the moment, I don't know how to have the accounting manager
That's why I was wondering how to update the payment method
Agent: Ahh I see. Please give me one moment. Would the Amex card have a U.S. billing address?
Customer: yes
Agent: We can cancel your order #1000023918 since the payment hasn't gone through yet, then you can reorder the systems again using your Amex card Will that be fine?
Customer: Yes ok for me
Agent: Thanks David. One moment  We'll initiate the cancellation on our end, but it will take a couple of hours. Did you want to wait for me to follow up with you before you reordered the systems?
Customer: If you tell me it's ok, I place the same order directly I just want to avoid having 2x the same command
Agent: You can go ahead and place the order now. https://store.supermicro.com/wio-server-1u-sys-110p-wtr.html
Customer: thank you, i will do it right away
Agent: Just in case you run into any issues, I'll be here to assist you
Customer: thank you
Agent: Just wanted to check in with you David. Did you need any assistance?
Customer: Everything is ok, I'm waiting for the manager to come and put his payment information :-) Thanks for your help
Agent: Sounds good. Thanks David! 🙂 
Customer: For information, we are very good supermicro customer in Europe and we are going to start a new data center in US Texas) And as we are extremely satisfied with your products, we chose supermicro for the US
Agent: That's awesome! We're very glad to hear that and we hope to continue supporting your server needs 🙂  Hopefully having servers on our eStore will make this a lot easier for you, especially with our quick turnaround times. Once this order is successfully placed via credit card, it should be built and shipped within 2-5 business days.
Customer: We are just a little disappointed not to be able to order configurations with Intel Xeon E-2388G CPUs. :-)
Agent: Hopefully that's something that will change in the future once we can add more SKUs
Customer: Chat is idle due to 10 minutes of inactivity
Agent: Looks like the order went through David. I can see it on my end I can also confirm that your previous order has just been cancelled as well.
Customer: Thank you very much for your help
Agent: No problem at all! Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: And see you soon for new orders good bye
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Looking for Part # FAN-0146L4 and cannot find it on your web site.  One of these is going bad in my Supermicro chassis.  Do you have these for sale?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: OK
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry FAN-0146L4 on our eStore. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy 
Customer: OK
Agent: Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Yes, I made an order yesterday (1000023993), when will it ship.  Status says it's ready to ship, but does not indicate when it will ship.
Agent: Order 1000023993 was placed at 3:45pm which is after our cutoff time 3:30pm. Therefore the order will be shipped out today instead. Sorry for the confusion.
Customer: Nope, no confusion, it's just that the status didn't indicate when it would ship.  Today is great as I paid for overnight service.
Agent: Sounds good.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Nope, just need to hunt down that fan.  Please try to carry that model in the future if possible as they are hard to find. Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Ernest
Customer: Am looking at this server there is no price. How does your pricing model work?
https://www.supermicro.com/products/system/2U/2029/SYS-2029UZ-TN20R25M.cfm
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry 2029UZ-TN20R25M on our eStore, but we do carry somes 2U servers. Do you want to check servers that available on our eStore?
Customer: Yes please. The one with PCIE 4x
Agent: Do you have an account with eStore?
Customer: No, I would like to open one.
Agent: Please register an account and let me know your email address. https://store.supermicro.com/customer/account/create/ We can grant you access to browse and configure our current server selection.
Customer: Ok, my email will be developer@ernestech.com
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  Thank you for waiting. You can access our System tab now once you log out and log back in. https://store.supermicro.com/customer/account/login
Customer: I am logged in now.
Agent: https://store.supermicro.com/sys-220u-tnr.html?queryID=d602f835fdaca2b5f646e0f2b758f47c&objectID=2982&indexName=supermicro_default_products  This server is 24bays and also use PCIe 4.0 
Customer: Got it thank you.
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: No, you got me in the right direction. Thank you.
Agent: I'm glad to hear that. Please feel free to contact us if you need any assistance. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: TY Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Steve!
Customer: Hello, How do I setup tax exempt on my order.
Agent: We do accept tax-exempt, but it would be applied after the purchase not during the time of purchase.

In order to apply for tax exemption, you would need to provide valid certificate, which you can send to eStore-support@supermicro.com along with your order number.

Your tax-exempt request will be processed after we have verified that the certificate is valid. 
It usually takes up to 10 business days for the tax amount to return back to your original form of payment.
  Before submitting a request, please review the tax exempt guide carefully.  Incomplete or incorrect submissions will be rejected.
https://store.supermicro.com/tax-exemption-guide
  Is there anything else I may help you with today?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Kelly!
Customer: Hi! Can you please provide pricing for MBD-X10DRL-i?
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry any motherboards on our eStore so I'm unable to provide a price quote for you. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy  You can also try checking with our Sales team:

Sales dept: Sales-USA@supermicro.com
Tel: +1-408-503-8000
Customer: OK thank you.
Agent: No problem! Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Michael
Customer: I have a VAR that can order MEM-DR464L-CL02-ER32 but NOT MEM-DR464L-CL03-ER32.  We have used the CL03 successfully in our Lenovo SR635 servers in the past but not the CL02 version is there a material difference and what is it?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: Thank you very much!!
Agent: On the surface level, I'm not seeing any main differences, but here are some of the specs from Micron's website that you can use to see if there are any noticeable differences:

MEM-DR464L-CL02-ER32
https://www.micron.com/products/dram-modules/rdimm/part-catalog/mta36asf8g72pz-3g2/mta36asf8g72pz-3g2b2

MEM-DR464L-CL03-ER32
https://www.micron.com/products/dram-modules/rdimm/part-catalog/mta36asf8g72pz-3g2/mta36asf8g72pz-3g2e1
Customer: So my concern is as such … the “validated motherboards” are different for the different part numbers - would Supermicro support running this these RDIMMs interchangeably on these motherboards?
Agent: That may be due to the release date. Motherboards are generally tested with DIMMs that are available during the same year, so if CL02 is an older release, that may be why it doesn't show as a validated option.

We don't recommend using RDIMMs interchangeably and recommend using the same RDIMM SKU throughout the motherboard.
Customer: That’s what I was thinking … and we’ve done extensive testing with the CL03 sigh …
Agent: I'm sorry to hear that 😞  If you'd like, you can try checking with our technical support team to get their input:

Tech Support: Support@Supermicro.com
Tel: +1-408-503-8000
 Is there anything else I may help you with today?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Abby! 
Customer: looking to buy SYS E300-8D with 2x8GB RAM + 500G SSD do you know the price or who can i contact?  i will need qty 20
Agent: One moment
Customer: what is ETA if i place an order?
Agent: I am sorry but our eStore doesn't carry E300-8D, will you consider a different mini chassis server?
Customer: do you know who i can contact to buy it?
Agent: You will need to contact resellers for the availability  https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy
Customer: ok. thanks. you have a good day bye
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Manuel
Customer: hello, I am placing an order for two rotating fan but when I place the order, is says there was a problem with my payment method, however, there is a charge on the credit card bill
Agent: Yes, May I know where are you located, please?
Customer: I am located at mexico and I am placing a Florida address this is the error
Agent: I see. I didn't see the order when through since AVS is not match Can you please check with your bank for this issue? It should be the problem with 9 digits zip code of billing address
Customer: mmmmm, but there is a charge made at the bank, I sent the approval transaction but at your system I got stuck at review and payments page
Agent: On my end, we only see your payment transaction is failed
Customer: I have been charged
Agent: We are not charged until the product is shipped
Customer: and this has been charged twice
Agent: You can check with your credit card or bank for this issue
Customer: and if they say this has been charged?, what is your next step
Agent: Please give me a moment while I double check for you.  Those charge will be released since the order was failed. Please contact your bank when they will release your transaction.
Customer: ok, thank you, It seems the only way is to speak to the bank thanks!
Agent: You're welcome. I hope they will release it soon Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: no, thanks
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: same to you Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Michele!
Customer: can you let me know when order ID 1000023821 will ship? it's been sitting in 'ready to ship' status for quite some time.
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: thanks. is there a tracking number please? i don't see it in my account or emails.
Agent: If there is one, I'll let you know here. We're currently looking into the status of this order for you.
Customer: oh weird. sorry i thought i read 'delivered' in the chat. sorry. it was that my message to you was delivered. it's been a long week.
Agent: No worries Michele. Fridays almost here 🙂  Please bear with me for a few more minutes while I check for you. 
Customer: thanks
Agent: It looks like our logistics team is a bit tied up right now. Is it alright if I follow up with you via email once I hear back? I don't expect it should be too long.
Customer: yes. email is great. thank you.
Agent: No problem! Is mhertzler@outwardinc.com a good email to reach you at?
Customer: yes
Agent: Perfect, thank you Michele. I'll reach out to you as soon as I have an update and I apologize for any inconvenience this has caused. Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: that's all. thank you.
Agent: No problem! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Bond ! 
Customer: Hi! I'm interested in ordering a large quantity of Supermicro SAS cables I think there's  not enough in your store and I usually have to contact you guys to move inventory
Agent: I see How many CBL-0176L-02 are you looking to purchase ?
Customer: 50
Agent: We have 50 in stock https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-internal-minisas-to-4-sata-46-33-23-13cm-with-sideband-15cm-cable-cbl-0176l-02.html
Customer: I'm also interested in:

CBL-0097L-03
CBL-0237L-01
CBL-0278L-01 quantity 50 each too
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: yes, of course. thank you.
Agent: I will put the transfer requests in for you  I will email you as soon as the stock is ready
Customer: ok, sure! thanks!
Agent: Is the.art.of.server@gmail.com the best email to reach you ?
Customer: yes indeed
Agent: Sounds good Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: no, that would be it. thanks!
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? hello
Agent: Hi CH 
Customer: with Rail Kit it need ship fee?
Agent: May I know where do you plan to ship it to?
Customer: Oregon(OR)
Portland
6705 NE 79th Court
Agent: I see. Rail kit especially will need shipping fee, unfortunately.
Customer: ok
Agent: We don't have shipping discount for rail kit. I'm sorry
Customer: no discout ?
Agent: yes, not for the rail kit Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: the credit card i should leave usa address ? i live in taiwan
Agent: Yes, we only accepts US billing address credit card
Customer: or leave it as  My billing and shipping address are the same
Agent: It's depend on the billing address tied with the credit you want to use if it doesn't match with your bank, the transaction won't go through
Customer: can i try to pay if fail,then cancel the order and refund ?
Agent: Yes, you can try. If the transaction failed, we don't charge you though
Customer: ok
Agent: if your bank still posted charge, it will release couple day. or you can contact your bank to release it
Customer: do you live in usa or tw ?
Agent: We are located in the U.S
Customer: ohoh because your working time similar tw
Agent: Oh. We are almost close time
Customer: ok thanks have a good day.
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: bye Hello. How may I help you? I just ordered two of the SYS-620C-TN12R servers.  I forgot to add SFP+ network transceivers.  Can you help me identify the right parts?
Agent: Hi Chris!  Are we talking about eStore order# 1000024037?
Customer: Hi Joe,  yes we are!
Agent: AIOM: Supermicro 10-Gigabit (2 x SFP+) Ethernet Network Adapter  is included in your configuration 
Customer: But don't I need to add transceivers?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: Like one of these, for example:
https://store.supermicro.com/aoc-tsr-fs.html
Agent: Can you purchase the transceivers on eStore?
Customer: Looks like it, but the descriptions are so bad I can't tell the difference between many of them.  Also, I'm looking for a 10G Base-T copper transceiver and the e-store only has fiber transceivers from what I can see.
Agent: I see With your server, 10 G we have AOC-E10GSFPSR and AOM-TSR-FS  AOC-E10GSFPSR https://store.supermicro.com/aoc-e10gsfpsr.html?queryID=5b2090b78eb6e73cd89dcca6357fff5b&objectID=116&indexName=supermicro_default_products AOM-TSR-FS https://store.supermicro.com/aoc-tsr-fs.html
Customer: Thank you.  Do you have any 10GBase-T copper transceivers?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  It doesn't seem like we have copper ones on eStore. Can you check the " Tested AIOM " under product page? https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/system/Cloud/2U/SYS-620C-TN12R Let me check internally for your request 
Customer: Everything there is an add on card.  There are no transceivers. Thanks for checking.
Agent: Can I get back to you via email ?
Customer: Sure.
Agent: Is chris@mcneel.com the best email to reach you ?
Customer: Yes.
Agent: Thanks! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: That's all for now.
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Bye. Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Amanda
Customer: Do you have 18 of the following memory available Supermicro (Micron) 32GB 288-Pin DDR4 2666 (PC4-21300) Server Memory (MEM-DR432LC-ER26)
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  We currently have 1 available. I will try to request for 17 more, but can not guarantee since the stock is running very low. Can I email you back via odoma@ipsincorporated.com? 
Customer: Yes, that would be great!  Thank you
Agent: You're welcome. Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: No, that's all.
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? I'm looking for SNK-P3028A4
Agent: Hi Chae-Hun! Unfortunately, that heatsink is not carried on our eStore. Please check with our Sales team or our resellers for availability:

Sales dept: Sales-USA@supermicro.com
Tel: +1-408-503-8000

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy
Customer: ok thanks
Agent: No problem! Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hi Joe I have configured a shopping cart of parts to purchase, however I can't place this order myself.  I need a quote where I can get our people to write a PO how do I convert this shopping cart into a quote for this purpose?
Agent: Will you be making the purchase on our eStore?
Customer: I will ask our people to make the purcahse through standard PO/quote processes. Maybe they can do a CC purchase, but the total $ amount is >20k and most likely it will be a PO Can estore accept POs?
Agent: You can save the configuation as a quote. However, our eStore only can accept credit card payment or ACH payment, not PO unfortunately 
Customer: Is there another method to purchase directly?
Agent: Can you do ACH payment ?
Customer: I can ask them So if I save as a quote, they can load the configuration without having to re-enter the data?
Agent: If you save it as a quote, it will be a pdf file that you can save on your end
Customer: but they have to log into the estore and re-enter the configuration?
Agent: No, you can save the pdf file on your end 
Customer: I understand that ... how does a PDF turn into an order?
Agent: I see. You will need to login to your account and check out from there,
Customer: OK ... so if they have their own login account, theywill need to RE_ENTER the configuration into the estore
Agent: Yes, correct
Customer: What a mess So there is no point in making a cart, I just need to tell them the full configuration tell your internet guys to get work on this! :)  ... this shouldn't be that hard to save and pass an order to someone else for purchasing Thanks for your help Joe ... I think I can take it from here
Agent: Sounds good Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: I get this error

We currently have "4" of the "3.84TB 2.5" D3-S4510 SATA 6Gb/s Solid State Drive (1 x DWPD)" in stock, but we may have enough inventory to complete your order. Please contact us via "email or live chat" Doesn't allow me to add to order
Agent: Can you send me your full configuration ? 
Customer: I can't add it to the cart ... so I can't save it as a PDF!
Agent: Screen shot please Please give me a moment while I check for you.  Please bear with me for a few more minutes while I check for you.  Now the stock should be ready Can you try again to add them to your cart ? I am able to add them to the cart. From there you can save a quote We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Jeffrey
Customer: Just got this message when adding an item to my cart: We currently have "0" of the "Supermicro 1200W 1U Redundant Power Supply (PWS-1K23A-1R)" in stock, but we may have enough inventory to complete your order. Please contact us via "email or live chat" Would be happy with any other compatible power supply.  Existing failed power supply is PWS-1K21P-1R
Agent: May I know how many PWS-1K23A-1R do you want to purchase?
Customer: Just need 1
Agent: I can request transfer 1 of PWS-1K23A-1R for you. Can I email you back via jabelin@bridgerbowl.com when it is available? 
Customer: Yes absolutely thank you!
Agent: You're welcome. Can I help you with anything else?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Robert!
Customer: G'day Jim - just trying to buy a OOB License key for my X11 however it seems your only options for billing address is USA? (I'm in New Zealand)
Agent: Ahh, yes. I’m sorry, but our OOB license is only available for US-based customers (US billing address) to purchase. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy  I apologize for the inconvenience
Customer: Okay, no dramas - thanks! Take care!
Agent: No problem Robert! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Shenru
Customer: Hey! I would like to purchase a server. I'm located in Vancouver, Canada. I can drive down to Point Roberts to pick it up, but I'd prefer to not do that. Do you work with non-US customers? I do have a US bank card that I can use (It's a mastercard), but I'd prefer to use my Canadian payment method.
Agent: Unfortunately, we only ship within the US and accept US billing address credit card.
Customer: Do you have distributors/retailers in Canada? And how fast can you ship?
Agent: Yes, we do have resellers in Canada, please find them at this link https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy.
If buying direct from our eStore, the server should be built and ship within 2-5 business days. Just let you know that:
• All of our configurations has been fully validated by our Supermicro system lab.
• We offer free shipping for all server orders. (limited time only)
• We offer blazing fast turnaround time 2-3 business days if you purchase something via our eStore configurator.
• Warranty is 3 years for server, 3 years for parts, and 1 year of cross—shipping. (limited time only)
• We may have more storage capacity on our eStore. (Please contact me if you don’t see any capacity available) 
Customer: So, from the moment I place my order, it would arrive within 5 business days?
Agent: yes
Customer: Wow, awesome! Can you ship to Point Roberts?
Agent: Is that the address in the U.S?
Customer: Yup It's not... accesable from mainland US. You have to get through Canada 48.9884° N, 123.0569° W
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: Awesome, thanks!
Agent: Do you have an official address?
Customer: I have a PO box there. And I can call our offshore banker for a US bank account.
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we cannot ship to PO box.
Customer: No, not like a postal service PO box. More like a... umm... Private parcel service. We get a customer number, and we can receive packages through that.
Agent: So there is someone accept the package for you at that location?
Customer: Yes, there is the clerk of that business.
Agent: Can you give me the address? I can try it on our end 
Customer: https://inoutparcel.com/ 145 Tyee Dr
Point Roberts, WA 98281
United States
Customer number # 123456
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: Thanks!
Agent: By the way, do you have an account with us?
Customer: No, how can I create one?
Agent: Please register an account and let me know your email address. https://store.supermicro.com/customer/account/create/
Customer: Thanks!
Agent: You're welcome. 
Customer: Umm, 
The target application is commercial use
Do we have to use it for commercial use?
Agent: no, you don't have to
Customer: Awesome. How much would a server that can:
Run 1 instance of nextcloud
Run 3 WP sites
Run 1 instance of Apache
Run 1 Postmark email server Run 3 IRC servers
Run 2 FTP servers
cost? (Raid 5 preferred) (16TB is enough in HDs)
Agent: It will be hard for me to say about the cost, but I can grant the access for you to configure a server and you will see the cost on our configurator
Customer: Thanks!
Agent: You can access our System tab now once you log out and log back in. https://store.supermicro.com/customer/account/login/
Customer: Thank you!
Agent: You're welcome. I tried the address you provided on my end and it is valid. You can try place the order after you add the server to your cart.
However, I cannot guarantee the bank security system let it when through. 
Customer: Got it Umm There must have been a issue with the configurator... "We can't find products matching the selection."
Agent: May I know which server are you looking for?
Customer: I don't really know to be honest... I'd say some sort of a entry-level server.
Agent: do you want rack server or workstation style?
Customer: I don't need like a full-on hyperconverged infra thing Rack preferred Workstation acceptable Thanks!
Agent: how many bays/drives do you prefer?
Customer: Hmm One moment, let me check with my raid calculator.
Agent: server 1U or 2U?
Customer: Size doesn't really matter
Agent: with RAID 5 you will need at least 3 drives
Customer: Yeah, 4 drives is good for what I need.
Agent: mainstream is a good option for entry-level 
Customer: 3 is acceptable though. Mainstream says "We can't find products matching the selection."
Agent: Can you try this link https://store.supermicro.com/systems/mainstream.html?p=1?
Customer: "We can't find products matching the selection."
Agent: How about this link for WIO? https://store.supermicro.com/systems/wio.html
Customer: We can't find products matching the selection. Perhaps it might be a issue with my account permissions?
Agent: Did you log out and log back in after I enable your account?
Customer: No, I think it works now :D
Agent: Great!
Customer: Wow, everything is priced very very well. Thank you so much!!
Agent: You're welcome. 
Customer: Thanks! Hello. How may I help you? I purchased three server motherboards recently, and I'd like to register them in my portal, but I don't have the Customer ID for any of them I threw out the docs, didn't realize they were important I do have the serial numbers, of course
Agent: I see Where did you purchase the motherboards from ?
Customer: Newegg and Amazon two from Amazon, one from Newegg
Agent: I see. I am sorry but only direct customers can register their systems through our eStore
Customer: ahhh, I see ok, no worries so - next question. I have a motherboard that I'd like to put an activation key on for BIOS update
Agent: What motherboard is it ? Are you talking about OOB license key ?
Customer: MBD-X11SPM-F-O when I go to Maintenance > BIOS Update, it says I need to activate a key
Agent: Are you physically with the server?
Customer: yes
Agent: OOB license key is for people to do the remote control update. You can update your BIOS without the OOB https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/motherboard/x11spm-f
Customer: ah cool, but can I do it through the BMC interface? I'm running headless
Agent: Please click " Update Your BIOS"
Customer: that's what I'm getting when I do that
Agent: You want to do that, you can purchase an OOB key  https://store.supermicro.com/out-of-band-sft-oob-lic.html
Customer: ahhh, perfect, thanks
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: that'll do it!! thanks a lot, have a nice day
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? good Morning, we are transitioning to Supermicro servers for in house and our clients, customers. Ive been searching for a chassis for Supermicro Motherboard MBD-X11SSM-F-B Hello Joe. i cannot seem to find a chassis tower. if you can assist here so we can order one and if there are any good pricing we can take advantage of.
Agent: Are you looking to purchase a chassis ?
Customer: yes, or a whole setup. Hardware only. motherboard, CPU, RAM. we are a reseller and we need to start upgrading our customers units.
Agent: We only sell complete systems on eStore and we do have Mid-Tower available. However they are not with X11SSM-F Would you like to check out the eStore server configurator?
Customer: I can share what we have built in the past, and would like to do the same of a slight upgrade
Agent: Do you have an eStore account ?
Customer: yes sure show me what you ahve have.. I remember setting up an account.. can you check on that?>
Agent: What is the email address for eStore account ?
Customer: it will be under alex@advanced-pc.com
Agent: Okay, let me check
Customer: Thanks Joe,
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: sure no problem.
Agent: alex@advanced-pc.com is enabled. Please log out eStore account and log back in and check this page  https://store.supermicro.com/system.html
Customer: ok let me do that.. and in the mean time you said you may have chassis for ATX Tower servers?
Agent: Here is the link to see the tower chassis servers https://store.supermicro.com/systems/superworkstation.html
Customer: Thanks.
Agent: You're welcome. Can you see the configurator now ?
Customer: seems like i haven't received my password reset
Agent: Can you check your spam folder just in case?
Customer: Negative.. nothing yet. by the way, do you have different pricing for resellers i was able to log in, i found my old password
Agent: We don't unfortunately but our price is pretty competitive and the assemble plus shipping time is the fastest compare to others Sounds good So you can see the configurator now ?
Customer: yes i can see the systems now
Agent: That's good. Please take a look and configure your server from there If you have any questions, please don't hesitate to contact us 
Customer: Thanks
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: do you also sell windows server?
Agent: We do have an option to add OS to the server
Customer: oh ok thanks
Agent: You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: no that will be all thank you for your help.
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: hello
Agent: Hello Jamie
Customer: How do I apply my tax exempt to my order?
Agent: We do accept tax-exempt, but it would be applied after the purchase not during the time of purchase.

In order to apply for tax exemption, you would need to provide valid certificate, which you can send to eStore-support@supermicro.com along with your order number.

Your tax-exempt request will be processed after we have verified that the certificate is valid. 
It usually takes up to 10 business days for the tax amount to return back to your original form of payment.
  Before submitting a request, please review the tax exempt guide carefully.  Incomplete or incorrect submissions will be rejected.
https://store.supermicro.com/tax-exemption-guide
  Hope this helps
Customer: Will the tax exempt be applied to my account automatically when purchasing on the online store?
Agent: No it won't unfortunately, but once you've sent your certificate to us initially, any purchases you have, just email eStore-support@supermicro.com that you want to apply your tax exempt to that particular order# 

Hopefully in the future, there will be some automation for it, but for now, this is the process. 
Customer: ok, thank you Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Dan
Customer: hi, i want to get some 2.5 to 3.5" adapters for our chassis but not sure which part to get we have the x10dri motherboard and i'm not sure if the a1 number is our chassie
Agent: I see. Can you please check the serial number of your chassis by this way?
Customer: that looks like it needs to be unmounted to do this?
Agent: No, you don't. It should be on the side of your chassis sliding rail
Customer: ok let me try
Agent: Or you can give me your server part number *serial number
Customer: c8260fe40n20336 says pn cse-826
Agent: Thank you for the information. Please give me a moment while I check for you.  The Supermicro (Gen 5.5) Tool-Less 3.5" to 2.5" Converter Drive Tray (MCP-220-00118-0B) https://store.supermicro.com/mcp-220-00118-0b.html
And Supermicro (Gen 4) 3.5" to 2.5" Converter Drive Tray https://store.supermicro.com/mcp-220-00043-0n-1482.html They are both compatible with your chassis You can also check from our main site from this link https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/chassis/2U/826/SC826BE2C-R920LPB at the optional parts list HDD Tray Converter
Customer: ok thanks, looks like MCP-220-00043-0N is the best option that way we can keep the same frame and upgrade n place
Agent: Sound great! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: i think thats it, thanks :)
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Jill!
Customer: Can I please get the RoHS and  REACH documentation for part number MCP-220-93801-0B?
Agent: Of course. It will take some time for me to get in internally for you. Is it alright if I email you back at Jill.Barlow@collins.com once I have both documents?
Customer: Yes, that's fine. Thank you!
Agent: No problem! Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: No, that's it
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hello, i was wondering if i can purchase SuperServer E302-9D directly from SuperMicro?
Agent: Hi Viktor Unfortunately, we do not carry this particular server on the eStore so you'll have to check with our Sales team or our resellers for that one. 

Would you still like to have access to our server selection?
Customer: Thank you for the info, Kyle. No, i researched this particular server and it fits best for my needs. I did not realize i could get it through a reseller
Agent: You're welcome! Oh you can reach Sales at Sales-USA@supermicro.com or our resellers/distributors: https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy
Customer: Are there diffrent tiers of resellers?
Agent: I'm sure some are larger than others since some may carry more options but I'm not sure of the tiered order 
Customer: ok, thank you for your help today. Have a nice day ahead, bye
Agent: Thank you! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Will
Customer: Can you fix the shopping cart so I can buy some cables, It will not let me enter Canada address.
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, our Supermicro eStore currently only ships within the United States. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.
https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy  I'm so sorry for this inconvenience
Customer: Then why does the store ask for postal codes and provinces
Agent: The shipping address will need the zip code within the US for delivery
Customer: That is not what I just said, The Cart asks for Postal codes, Provinces. If this is the case FIX THE CART so it does not ask those questions.
Agent: I see. Can you provide the picture please? oh I see. Thank you for the feed back and I will let our development team know.  FYI, our eStore will expand to Canada in nearest future. I'm sorry for the confusion
Customer: I am having a hard time finding this cable It would help if I could buy direct. Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Eric!
Customer: i need hhelp finding a part
Agent: Sure, what part? Would you happen to know your chassis SKU? The handles  are generally unique to each chassis
Customer: i dont know sku and i have modified the chassis.
Agent: Hmm OK. Perhaps you can help me by providing a serial number?

Please see the Serial Number Guide. https://www.supermicro.com/en/support/rma/sn Without knowing what chassis you have, it will be difficult to find the part number for the handles 😞 
Customer: i dont think this is unique part, i  dont need the side with buttons, just the right handle as pictured. 4u 24 bay from 10+ years ago
Agent: Right, but each chassis family has their own set of handles, like so. It will be hard for me to find which handle will fit your chassis without knowing the SKU Especially if it's a 10+ year old SKU
Customer: those look 2u handles, these have 3 screw holes to the chassis the picture i posted is the exact unit
Agent: Right, but you have to understand I'm unable to do a reverse lookup based off the picture
Customer: try this CSE-847E16-RJBOD1
Agent: Thanks Eric! One moment The part number for the right handle is MCP-290-84606-0V  And just in case, here's the part number for the left handle as well. MCP-290-84605-0V 
Customer: so how do i order one? i am private citizen with no account or vendor
Agent: This isn't a part that's carried on our eStore, so you'll have to check with our resellers to see if you can procure one:

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy
Customer: thank you for your time
Agent: No problem Eric! Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: that is all, thank you
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Eric Stenger left the following comment: the chat was helpful and Jim was nice. I wish the estore could sell the part i need Hello. How may I help you? Hi Kyle, I want to buy two riser cards, part number RSC-RR1U-E8
Agent: Hi Christopher I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry any riser cards on the eStore. Please check with our reseller/distributors: https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy or with our Sales team at Sales-USA@supermicro.com
Customer: ok thanks Have a good one
Agent: You're welcome and thanks! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Josh
Customer: Hi, Liz. Looking to get some GPU power cables for my SYS-610U-TNR I have a 3/4 length GPU in slot 3 CBL-PWEX-1061 looks maybe like a good choice?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: thank you!
Agent: You can use the CBL-PWEX-1017-  https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-8-pin-cpu-to-2x-6-2-pin-pcie-20cm-gpu-cable-cbl-pwex-1017.html
Customer: thank you!
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: that is all. have a good night!
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Josh Unterman left the following comment: thanks, liz! Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Niels
Customer: Hello, im looking for if the SNK-P0071APS4 is compatible with an ASUS Pro WS C621-64L SAGE/10G motherboard (specifically doesnt get in the way of the PCIE or DRAM slot)
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we cannot check this heatsink is compatible with the non-Supermicro motherboard because they haven't been tested by our lab.
Customer: That doesnt  really help me
Agent: You can try because the CPU of the ASUS Pro WS C621-64L SAGE/10G motherboard is LGA 3647 and the heat sink socket is also  LGA3647 But I cannot guarantee since we haven't been tested yet
Customer: Well, i might try, thanks for your time
Agent: I'm sorry for this inconvenience You're welcome. 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Alan!
Customer: Good afternoon.  I just purchased a SuperMicro SYS-5016T-MRB to put into a 14 inch Server Rack.  I see that you have some rails that have a narrow depth I need - MCP-290-00085-0N.  Do you have 1 in stock?
Agent: I can see if we can transfer 1 for your purchase, but the transfer process will take a couple of hours if approved. Is it alright if I follow up with you via email at aforand@comcast.net once I get an update?
Customer: That would be great!  Thank you.
Agent: No problem Alan! Hope to have an update for you soon Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: No. Thank you.
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Good afternoon, I was looking to purchase QTY:20 of MEM-DR432LC-ER32 but the site was saying that only 15 are in stock
Agent: Hi Brandon, let me check for you
Customer: It told me to reach out to see if there were more available perfect, thank you
Agent: I should be able to get 5 more but would need to transfer from our warehouse inventory, which may take 3-4 hours to complete, but hopefully sooner. I can email you once they are all available. 
Customer: That would be awesome, will there be a hold on the inventory for me to purchase or a direct link?
Agent: No holds unfortunately, and it would be the same link you have currently. I can transfer more than just the 5 pcs just in case another customer purchased that same memory in the meantime. 
Customer: That would be great, I'll probably be close to my workstation when the email comes in so it shouldn't be that big of a deal just wanted to make sure I could get the 20 without having to bother someone about it again
Agent: Ah got it Yeah I'll send you the email asap once I get confirmation 
Customer: Cool deal, thank you
Agent: You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: That'll be it, thanks Kyle
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Have a good one Brandon Presley left the following comment: Quick resolution and actionable results. Great customer service Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Ethan
Customer: Hi i have a question about your lifestyle merch is there a discount for SMC employees?
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we don't have any discount for employee currently Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: No that is it appreciate your help liz
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Ron
Customer: Hi Liz Im looking for one pc of PWS-802A-1R
Agent: https://store.supermicro.com/800-1u-pws-802a-1r.html  Please give me a moment while I check the inventory for you.  Unfortunately, we currently is out of stock for this power supply. Do you want me to check the ETA for this?
Customer: Yes Please and is my price $334.04?
Agent: yes , that is correct. Can I email you back via rhood@applied.com for the ETA?
Customer: Yes Please email me a quote if you can.
Agent: How many PWS-802A-1R do you want?
Customer: Just 1pc for now to fill a customer order.
Agent: For 1 pcs, the price will stay the same. You can fill the RFQ for quote of volume discount at this link https://store.supermicro.com/quote#PWS-802A-1R.  Our quote agent will give you the price quote for this power. I will also check if we have 1 pcs extra of this power supply to full fill
Customer: Ok thanks I'll be waiting for the lead time as I need it as soon as I can get it.
Agent: I see. I will email you back as soon as I can  I will need to check with our PM on this Can I help you with anything else?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Zhian
Customer: Hi I just received the power distributor to replace the faulty one.  But I found that the power connector doesn't match I think I have the correct part number for the replacement which is according to the part list from the website the connector is wider than the connector on the power supply (920SQ)
Agent: Let me check the power distributor compatible with 6028R-E1CR12T Yes, the PDB-PT826-S8824 is the correct power distributor for this system.
Customer: but how come the connector doesn't match
Agent: Can you please send a picture for the connector of the distributor?
Customer: please give me 3 min
Agent: Thank you for the picture. 
Hmm, this should be the newer Gen and should be work since it shows compatible on my end. Can I email you back via zhian.guo@gmail.com for this? I will need to double-check with our tech support team to make sure it is work.
Customer: Yes. please email to that email address. Thanks!
Agent: You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: that's it.  thanks
Agent: You're welcome. I will email you back as soon as I have the answer. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: bye Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Daniel!
Customer: Hi, I am trying to configure a SYS-110P-WTR, but the options I want aren't supported by the online tool.  How can I get a quote put together?
Agent: What specs were you looking to add to the SYS-110P-WTR? You can let me know here and I can put something together if the parts are in stock Please let me know what CPU, RAM type/quantity, hard drive type/quantity, etc... you're looking for
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi again Daniel
Customer: Sorry, the page refreshed
Agent: No worries!
Customer: 1 x Intel® Xeon® Silver 4310 Processor 12-Core 2.10 GHz 18MB Cache (120W) 4 x 8GB DDR4 3200MHz ECC RDIMM Server Memory 1 x 256GB M.2 XG6 NVMe Solid State Drive 1 x 960GB 2.5" PM9A3 NVMe PCIe 4.0 Solid State Drive (1 x DWPD) 1 x 2 RJ45 10Gbase-T Ports 1 x CBL-SAST-1231-85 - Slimline x8 to Slimline x8 30CM Cable (Required Accessory) 1 x MCP-220-00167-0B - 2.5" NVMe Drive Tray (Required Accessory) 1 x Supermicro Rackmount Keyboard and Mouse Combo (Included) That's from the config tool I would like 4 of the 10 storage bays configured for 2.5" NVMe (which I believe requires 3x additional MCP-220-00167-0B trays and an additional 1x CBL-SAST-1231-85 cable).
Agent: Ahh OK. So you only require additional accessories, but everything else regarding the server components are OK?
Customer: I also wanted a TPM 2.0 module installed
Agent: Gotcha. OK give me one moment and I'll see if I can put something together for you
Customer: Great, thanks.
Agent: Sorry for the wait Daniel! We should be able to get this configured for you, but it will take some time. Is it alright if I follow up with you via email at dgandhi@nextdroid.com once we have everything ready?
Customer: That would be great, thanks.  I'll also need to know lead time as part of the quote.
Agent: Of course. Our eStore servers are built and shipped within 2-5 business days after we receive your order, so that should remain the same
Customer: Excellent.  I'll sign off for now then.
Agent: Sounds good Daniel. I'll have an update for you soon. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: You too!  Goodbye. Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Hugo
Customer: yes, we have this server model, SYS-1029TP-DC0R, we want to add memory up to 512GB is this the right memory DIMM to look for? https://store.supermicro.com/validatedparts/result/index/?memory_ecc=25&memory_rank=179&memory_size=11&memory_speed=1158&memory_technology=189&q=SYS-1029TP-DC0R&utm=vpcorp
Agent: I can check for you on my end. What type of DIMMs do you want I looking for? 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi again Hugo
Customer: hello Liz, we have this system, SYS-1029TP-DC0R, we want to upgrade memory to 512GB, is this the right memory DIMM to look for? 
Supermicro (Samsung) 32GB 288-Pin DDR4 2933 (PC4 24300) Server Memory (MEM-DR432LC-ER29)
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: sure
Agent: Yes, the Supermicro (Samsung) 32GB 288-Pin DDR4 2933 (PC4 24300) Server Memory (MEM-DR432LC-ER29) is validated with your system https://store.supermicro.com/32gb-ddr4-2933-mem-dr432l-sl03-er29.html?queryID=d8302a0c19021cf71442c5d10c3bb008&objectID=2645&indexName=supermicro_default_products Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hi: My name is Melville Nathanson. I am trying to get registered for an account on the e-store. Currently waiting for the Confirmation Key that was supposed to be sent to mel@kristinedittmer.com

Can you assist? It's been quite a while and no confirmation code has arrived via my email yet.
Agent: Hi Melville Let me check 
Customer: Thank you Sir.
Agent: Ok I see your account. Did you check your junk/spam folder? unless your company has some spam filtering going on too
Customer: I don't see anything in the junk filter. I've emailed with your tech support folks with no trouble.
Agent: Weird, let me try sending you one from my end then. 
Customer: Roger that.
Agent: Ok, please check again if something comes in within the next few minutes
Customer: Nothing yet...
Agent: Ok that's oddLet me  Your company does not have any spam/email filtering going on? Let me know if you see an email from us, not the confirmation one.  Checking if we can get your account approved from our end, please give me a moment. 
Customer: Hi Kyle: Getting one of our night folks to send me a test email as well.
Agent: Ok 
Customer: Her message just arrived...no problem.
Agent: Ok so you're account is good then!  Can you try logging in?
Customer: Roger that Kyle. My job tonight is to pay for an out of band license. Just sent you a screenshot of the item in my cart. Can you assist?
Agent: Are you able to log in now?
Customer: I'll give it a try.
Agent: If so, you can simply just check out and purchase the OOB license. 
Customer: Don't you guys deliver it by e-mail?
Agent: The OOB license would be delivered to you via email within the hour, correct You would then generate the OOB key within your account once the license is delivered to you.  Any success logging in?
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Chris
Customer: Hello We recently bought the threaded rail adapter kit but the posts in our rack are too close together and the rail with adapter doesn't fit I was wondering if you have a rail that fits into non threaded round holes instead of us using our rails with an adapter
Agent: May I know your chassis part number please?
Customer: Let me see if I can find it
Agent: Sure, take your time. I'll be here
Customer: I don't think I have access to it now. I'm on my phone
Agent: serial number is also ok
Customer: The current rails we have are MCP-290-00059-0N I believe We would need a rail that is compatible with the same chassis but are for round non threaded racks
Agent: Do you mean this rail kit MCP-290-00059-0B ?
https://store.supermicro.com/4u-5u-rail-kit-mcp-290-00059-0b.html?queryID=60df29dc56b743c4394a0c36bd9dc585&objectID=663&indexName=supermicro_default_products
Customer: Yes I believe I got the chassis info AS -2113S-WN24RT
Agent: Thank you for the chassis information and confirming the rail kit part number. Please give me a moment while I check for you.  Please bear with me for a few more minutes while I check for you.  The only rail kit I can find for the chassis of your system is the  MCP-290-00053-0N and it also need the adapter 
Customer: Is it shorter?
Agent: It is For 17.2" Wide & 24" Display Chassis
https://store.supermicro.com/4u-5u-rail-kit-mcp-290-00059-0b.html?queryID=60df29dc56b743c4394a0c36bd9dc585&objectID=663&indexName=supermicro_default_products It's the same range I believed Oh wait
Customer: The link you sent was for the 59-0N
Agent: this rail MCP-290-00058-0N is shorter https://store.supermicro.com/2u-5u-rail-kit-mcp-290-00058-0n.html oh I bad. Let me link the  MCP-290-00053-0N https://store.supermicro.com/2u-3u-rail-kit-mcp-290-00053-0n.html?queryID=9ae905b9cebcd53ab9b3502d48cb6e55&objectID=657&indexName=supermicro_default_products It is for 17.2" Wide & 27" Display Chassis Sorry for my mistake
Customer: Ok so the 53 is for 22 inch, the 58 for 27 inch and the 59 for 24 inch
Agent: The MCP-290-00053-0N is for 17.2" Wide & 27" Display Chassis, MCP-290-00058-0N is for 17.2" Wide & 22" Display Chassis, and the  MCP-290-00059-0B is for 17.2" Wide & 24" Display Chassis The MCP-290-00058-0N is the shortest rail
Customer: Ok that might be what we need Thanks
Agent: You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today?  FYI, you still need the adapter MCP-290-00060-0N for the MCP-290-00058-0N to support round hole racks We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hi Kyle: The chat dropped me when I purchased the license. I've put in the CC #. Can you look to check the status of the order? Have received no emails yet...and the web page says that the OOB license will be delivered by e-mail.
Agent: Hi Melville, looks like you got through and I see the order. You should be good to go!  Since you're not getting emails from us, I would check back in an hour. You can actually check if your OOB license is ready under the Software tab of your account. 
Customer: Right area?
Agent: Yeah that's the correct area The 3rd tab Generate Key is where you would use that OOB license
Customer: Any ideas on how we can resolve the email issue? Would like to be able to communicate with you guys.
Agent: Well I was able to send you a confirmation email but you didn't receive it. No order confirmation for you correct? I would double check with your company's email filter just to make sure its not getting caught there.  Let me send you a test email really quick Sent
Customer: Just got an email from you. Responded a moment ago.
Agent: Got it!  So it's not supermicro emails, just the eStore one I mean the order/confirmation email still nothing in junk/spam?
Customer: Yep. Only got the one email from Supermicro eStore Support. I'll check the junk again.
Agent: Ok thanks. Otherwise, I would double check with your company's filter or hopefully they turn up later today. 
Customer: They have a spam filter in place on the email server. Usually it's pretty good at not trashing real stuff. There is no interface on it, just a cPanel toggle to turn it on and off.
Agent: Ah I see
Customer: Thanks again for the assistance Kyle. I'm off shift in a couple of minutes. How long until the license is ready to go do you estimate?
Agent: You're very welcome! It should be ready within the next 45 min even shorter since you purchased it about 25 min ago Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Nope...heading home in a min. Thanks again. I'll check it in the morning.
Agent: Sounds good! It was nice talking to you. Have a great night, goodbye! 
Customer: Yes Sir! Nice speaking with you as well. You have a nice night Sir. Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Greg!
Customer: Hi, is there a W480 motherboard in microATX form factor?
Agent: I'm actually not sure, since we don't sell motherboards on our eStore. You can try checking with our Sales team. They might know if there is a microATX W80 motherboard.

Sales dept: Sales-USA@supermicro.com
Tel: +1-408-503-8000
Customer: ok
Agent: Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: no thanks
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hello
Agent: Hi Chris
Customer: I believe we spoke before
Agent: Yes
Customer: I have another question The MCP-290-00058-0N kit says it is for inner or outer installation Do you know how this can be used for outer? It doesn't look like it can be
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  I'm sorry where do you see the kit is for inner and outer installation. please?
Customer: has a short quick inner and outer rail release This rail kit includes*:
Inner Rail: 1 x MCP-290-00116-0N
Outer Rail: 1 x MCP-290-00114-0N
Agent: Oh. That is the rail part numbers that included in the set  MCP-290-00058-0N
Customer: Do you have any outer rails?
Agent: Do you want to look for the Outer Rail: 1 x MCP-290-00114-0N? and purchase it only?
Customer: I guess I'm not sure what is meant by inner and outer I mean the kind that connects to the outside of the rack onstead of pushing into the back
Agent: The sliding rail will need the inner rail and outer rail. 
Inner rail length decides the pull-out-from-rack distance of chassis
Outer rail length decides the post-to-post distance of rack it can support. The rack depth will need to fit in the outer rail’s extendable length range
Customer: OK thanks
Agent: You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: That is
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Joyce!
Customer: Hi, Could you let me know how to get tax exemption?
Agent: We do accept tax-exempt, but it would be applied after the purchase not during the time of purchase.

In order to apply for tax exemption, you would need to provide valid certificate, which you can send to eStore-support@supermicro.com along with your order number.

Your tax-exempt request will be processed after we have verified that the certificate is valid. 
It usually takes up to 10 business days for the tax amount to return back to your original form of payment.
  Before submitting a request, please review the tax exempt guide carefully.  Incomplete or incorrect submissions will be rejected.
https://store.supermicro.com/tax-exemption-guide
  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: that's all. thanks
Agent: No problem! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hi Kyle, I want to order 5 of this Supermicro 668W Multi-Output PS2/ATX Power Supply (PWS-668-PQ) . currently only have 2.
Agent: Hi Jackie Let me check for you We actually only have those 2 pcs left unfortunately, no ETA when we'll get more.  If we get an update for more, we can email you about it. 
Customer: Thank you, please email me if you have more coming.
Agent: You're welcome and will do! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: That's all.  Thanks Kyle
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great evening, goodbye! 
Customer: You too. bye! Hi Do you have the Power supply PWS-1K26P-PQ ? Chat assigned to Tim because SuperBot hasn't replied in 3 minutes Chat assigned to Joe because Tim hasn't replied in 3 minutes Chat is idle due to 10 minutes of inactivity Chat archived due to 60 minutes of inactivity Hi! I would like to know if this cable is compatible with 2029U-TRTP server? Chat assigned to Tim because SuperBot hasn't replied in 3 minutes Chat assigned to Joe because Tim hasn't replied in 3 minutes Chat is idle due to 10 minutes of inactivity
610aa: Hi Igor!
Customer: Hi Joe! Can you help me with this?
610aa: How may I help you?
Agent: Are you looking for CBL-NTWK-0525 ? Are you looking for the compatibility between 2029U-TRTP and  CBL-NTWK-0525 ? We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
610aa: Hi Melville!
Customer: Hello Joe. How are you this morning?

I'm trying to update the BIOS on a SuperMicro x11SRL-F via the IPMI BMC. 

Your tech support guys are telling me that the OOB License I purchased last night is not correct. Can you assist?
610aa: I see Did you purchase OOB through our eStore?
Customer: After generating the OOB Key and applying it to the IPMI interface...the interface says that the Node Product Key Status is Activated. However, when going to the Maintenance Tab of the IPMI interface, the Update Bios function is missing.

Yes, I purchased the OOB license from your SuperMicro e-Store last night.
610aa: Can you send me a screenshot?
Customer: Yes. Hold for a moment.
610aa: One moment
Customer: Invoice from last night.
610aa: I am sorry about this. Can I get back this via email? What is the best email to reach you?
Customer: My Normal Email is mel@kristinedittmer.com
However, we had trouble with that last night, I was not receiving messages from the eStore side. I could receive messages from the regular Tech Support side.

Might be better to use my personal email, since it is not on the corporate spam filter:
melnathanson@bellsouth.net.
610aa: Thank you! I will email you as soon as I can Sorry for the inconvenience! Can I help you with anything else?
Customer: Thanks for the assist Joe. Are you emailing another license? What did you find out?
610aa: I will need to check internally regarding this OOB for your motherboard
Customer: Roger that. I've got an assignment at another building that will take about an hour. Should I go work on that, and then come back to this chatbox in case e-mail does not work?
610aa: Please wait about 2-3 hours I will email you as soon as I can
Customer: Roger that Joe. Will the Chatbox stay active if the email give trouble like last night?
610aa: We still have the LiveChat on but we can close this window for now. If you don’t receive the email, you can always come back to the chat or email me at eStore-support@supermicro.com
Customer: Roger that Joe. I'll look for the email. Can you send a test email to the melnathanson@bellsouth.net email address now so that we know if it is working?
610aa: One moment
Agent: Did you receive the email ?
Customer: Yes Sir. I replied to it.
Agent: I have not received the email from you though
Customer: Sent the message to:
estore-support@supermicro.com
Agent: Not sure what is going on but at least we know you can receive my email
Customer: Yep. The wonders of the internet. Here is my cell number...just text me. That can't screw up.

Melville's Cell:
919-812-7455
Agent: Sorry we don't have the text message service. I will wait a little for the email. Is there anything else I may help you with today?  If you dont receive response from me or I dont reply the email for some reason. You can always just email eStore-support@supermicro.com. That's a general email inbox and I am sure I can receive it
Customer: Roger that Sir.
Agent: Or just come to our chat again Is there anything else I may help you with today?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hi, I need 38 units of (PWS-1K23A-1R). Can you please release these for me to order? Thanks!
610aa: This item is running really low
Customer: Please advise how many you currently have on hand
610aa: I will check internally and email you to update
Customer: I'll get as many as you have Thank you!
610aa: I see I will let you knwo Can I help you with anything else?
Customer: I am good. Thanks Joe. Hello. How may I help you? DO YOU HAVE ENOUGH STOCK TO COVER 17 QTY OF P/N CSE-PT26L-B & IS THERE A PRICE BREAK FOR THAT QTY?
Agent: Hi Laurie We might be able to cover that, but I'll have to request for an inventory transfer from our warehouse location, which could take up to 3-4 hours if approved.  I believe we do have volume discount for this but you would have to go to the product page (link below) and click on ‘request quote for volume discount’ and submit it there since another department is in charge of the volume pricing structure.  https://store.supermicro.com/quote#CSE-PT26L-B
Customer: Thank you!
Agent: You're welcome Did you want me to proceed with the transferR?
Customer: I need to know the stock situation so I can quote it to my customer.  However, I don't have the order yet, so I don't want to jump on the transfer until i have it.
Agent: Ah understood. If you need an official quote, I would use the link I provided. From there, an inventory transfer can be requested if you're ok with the pricing as well. 
Customer: Thanks!
Agent: Np!  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: no, i am all set
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: You too! Hello. How may I help you? Hi, Liz
Agent: Hi Josh
Customer: i'm looking at the ready to ship systems we've not used this before I'm looking at the SYS-220U-TNR wondering if it's possible to order with CPUs that aren't listed. specifically 2x8362 and, if so, what the difference in cost is compared to 6348
Agent: I can help you for that. May I know your full configuration for this system please? Thank you for your information. Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: thank you, liz! i'm also curious if it's possible to order with AOC-2UR668G4 installed into the middle riser i see in the notes on the rear view that it's possible to provide x16 lanes in slot 2 if you use that riser instead
Agent: Sure, let me check for you.  Please bear with me for a few more minutes while I check for you. 
Customer: thank you!
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we can't do this due to the validation
Customer: which? cpu or riser?
Agent: For the riser
Customer: 👍
Agent: We 're also checking internally to see if we can get 2pcs of the 8362 CPUs to support your order. The price for 8362 CPUs is $6283 and the 6348 CPU is $3511
Customer: got it. so, it's possible and the cost increase would be 2* (6283 - 3511) but you're maybe still not sure about availability?
Agent: Yes, we are checking internally for the stock of 8362 CPU
Customer: how would it work to go ahead with such an order? it'd be through you/chat since that option isn't selectable with the online tools?
Agent: If the 8362 CPU are available, I can send you the pre-config link and you can purchase from that Can I email you back via josh@pntfin.com for both availability and pre-configured link?
Customer: yes! thank you, liz! 2 more questions, if you don't mind
Agent: You're welcome.  Sure, I can help you on that
Customer: if i wanted to buy one of those other riser cards to see if it worked myself, could i do that directly from supermicro? or would i have to go through a reseller? i don't see it in the supermicro estore. AOC-2UR668G4-O my last question (i think!) is whether you would expect SYS-240P-TNRT to become a "ready to ship" system or if there's a different way i could get a quote for one.
Agent: 1) We unfortunately don't sell this AOC-2UR668G4-O on our eStore, so you have to go through our reseller for this card. I'm sorry for this inconvenience 2) Normally, our system will be built and shipped within 3-5 business day after you placed the order with credit card For the SYS-240P-TNRT, we don't carry it on our eStore and you also can go through our reseller for that system https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy
Customer: ok. thanks, liz. for all of your help. please do send me a link for the 8362 option if you can
Agent: You're welcome. And yes, I will let you know as soon as I have answer for availability of this CPUs
Customer: thanks! have a good day!
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Josh Unterman left the following comment: yet again, liz was fantastically helpful! Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Kate!
Customer: Hi, Jim! The website says this product is out of stock but that you might be able to order one for me. I just need one. Is there one available? Supermicro 1000W 1U Redundant Power Supply (PWS-1K03A-1R)
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: Thanks!
Agent: We should be able to accommodate your request. I'll initiate an inventory transfer on my end and once it's approved and completed, I'll follow up with you via email at  kate.tucker@bladediagnostics.com so you can proceed with purchasing. The transfer itself should take a couple of hours.
Customer: Perfect! Thank you so much, Jim!
Agent: No problem Kate! Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: That's it. Thanks!
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: You, too! Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Pilar !
Customer: I am looking to purchase quantity 2 of part# PWS-668-PQ through your website.  Can you please confirm the lead-time of these items?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  We do have 2 in stock.  https://store.supermicro.com/668w-atx-pws-668-pq.html
Customer: great, thank you!
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hi, I work for the University of Texas Austin and I have an account set up with Supermicro.  We should not be charged tax. How do I provide you with our tax exempt form and also request a credit on tax that we were charged on a previous invoice?
Agent: Hi Medina We do accept tax-exempt, but it would be applied after the purchase not during the time of purchase.

In order to apply for tax exemption, you would need to provide valid certificate, which you can send to eStore-support@supermicro.com along with your order number.

Your tax-exempt request will be processed after we have verified that the certificate is valid. 
It usually takes up to 10 business days for the tax amount to return back to your original form of payment.
  Before submitting a request, please review the tax exempt guide carefully.  Incomplete or incorrect submissions will be rejected.
https://store.supermicro.com/tax-exemption-guide
  Hope this helps! 
Customer: Great. Thank you so much. :)
Agent: You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: No thank you.  Have a great day. Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: HI Joseph
Customer: Hello I wanted to inquire about the product SYS-120GQ-TNRT This would be my first time purchasing a rack server. My company was interested in SuperMicro. How do we start this process in building?
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we don't carry the SYS-120GQ-TNRT on our eStore. Are you interested in other system than SYS-120GQ-TNRT?
You can create an account with us and we can enable the access for you to look at our system configurator. 
https://store.supermicro.com/customer/account/create/
Customer: Ok I will create an account Is that how I would order any rack servers? or is there a specfiic process?
Agent: Please let me know your email address after you confirm it
Customer: joe.ylagan@cyrusbio.com
Agent: Thank you Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: ok
Agent: You can access our System tab now once you log out and log back in. 
https://store.supermicro.com/customer/account/login/
Customer: Gotcha
Agent: https://store.supermicro.com/system.html 
Customer: I will peruse the page
Agent: FYI, we only accept credit card and ACH bank transfer as the form of payment at the moment.
Customer: Ok sounds good thanks for the heads up
Agent: You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: Not at the moment
Agent: Please don't hesitate to contact us if you need any assistance. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Actually i have one question! SOrry
Agent: sure
Customer: Products out of stock. Do yall usually get stock frequently or would I be pretty much out of luck?
Agent: For the product out of stock, can I know which specific system do you look for? I cannot tell how long they will come back for all, but I can check internally for the ETA for specific one
Customer: Can I send 2-3? Here's one: Supermicro 1U Ultra SuperServer (SYS-120U-TNR)
Agent: Sure
Customer: https://store.supermicro.com/ultra-server-1u-sys-1029u-tr4.html
Agent: You can send me all the servers that you want to check. I will email you back for the ETA after checking internally 
Customer: Alright just a sec
Agent: Sure
Customer: Hm do you know if any of these are GPU capable? Im having a hard time finding some. Im using this as reference https://www.nvidia.com/en-us/data-center/resources/vgpu-certified-servers/ Alright so I've been doing research on Supermicro Workstations and rack servers. The ones on the website don't seem to match my criteria
Agent: GPU for rack server, I have to create a pre-config link for you though. For GPU selection on the eStore configurator, it is only available for workstation unfortunately I see
Customer: Can I try that? We may be interested in workstations Do yall have third-party suppliers that I can contact for GPU rack servers?
Agent: https://store.supermicro.com/systems/superworkstation.html
Customer: Trying to weight out my options :D
Agent: You can contact our resellers through this link https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy
Customer: Ok I will look at that When you say pre-config link, what do you mean by that?
Agent: For GPU option on workstation you can find it at Add On Cards sections
Customer: Ok
Agent: For pre-config link, it will look similar to this link https://store.supermicro.com/sys-610u-tnr-pre-config.html
Customer: Oh I see gotcha Ok, I will check out the 3rd parties!
Agent: Sound good then.
Customer: Thanks Liz
Agent: Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: Nope
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Bond!
Customer: Hi. I spoke with a person going by "Joe" last week. he was supposed to contact me when certain items are in stock. I never got that email.
Agent: Can I ask which items you inquired about?
Customer: i was planning to place a $2000 order of cables. there was a list of them... do we have to start over? or can you look up the previous conversation?
Agent: I'll see if I can pull up the previous conversation One moment It looks like QTY 50 of the below cables?

CBL-0097L-03
CBL-0237L-01
CBL-0278L-01
CBL-0176L-02
Customer: yes, 50 each of each cable
Agent: It looks like there should be enough stock for all 4 cables for you to place your order Can you go ahead and try adding 50 of each to your cart?
Customer: ok. so i should just go ahead and place the order now? ok. one second
Agent: Yes, if you're able to add 50 of each cable to your cart
Customer: can't add CBL-0097L-03 . says only 11
Agent: OK. It looks like all the cables might have the same issue. I can confirm that the inventory has been transferred over, but we'll just need to update the count on our website It should take about one or two hours. Can I follow up with you via email once the inventory count has been updated?
Customer: ok. yes, please do.
Agent: Thank you Bond. I'll reach out to you as soon as it's completed. Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: nope, that's all. thanks Jim
Agent: No problem! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: you have a great day my friend! Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Curtis!
Customer: I'm looking to purchase three of the PWS-702A-1R power supplies but it says out of stock. Do you have an ETA on when they'll be back in stock?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: Thank you!
Agent: I can check and get back to you via email
Customer: That would be excellent.
Agent: Is  callworth@panthersys.com the best email to reach you ?
Customer: That's the best one.
Agent: Thanks ! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: That is all I needed. Thank you so much and have a great day!
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? hello i am enquiring about this power supply Supermicro 500W 1U Multi-Output Power Supply (PWS-505P-1H) i am looking for 9 of this
Agent: Hi Hendy
Customer: Hello Kyle
Agent: Let me check on availability for this
Customer: sure
Agent: Currently, PWS-505P-1H is not available till March due to shortages so I would check back next week or in 2 weeks. 
Customer: ok ty
Agent: you're welcome! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: nope ty!
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Patrick
Customer: Hello.  I was wanting to find out how I could get tax exempt tied to my account for my order?
Agent: We do accept tax-exempt, but it would be applied after the purchase not during the time of purchase.

In order to apply for tax exemption, you would need to provide valid certificate, which you can send to eStore-support@supermicro.com along with your order number.

Your tax-exempt request will be processed after we have verified that the certificate is valid. 
It usually takes up to 10 business days for the tax amount to return back to your original form of payment.
  Before submitting a request, please review the tax exempt guide carefully.  Incomplete or incorrect submissions will be rejected.
https://store.supermicro.com/tax-exemption-guide
  We currently don't do tax exempt automatically. I'm sorry for this inconvenience.
Customer: The information you provided is what I needed, thank you.
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: That is all.  Thank you.
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Joyce!
Customer: Can you support 24x FAN-0095L4?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  Unfortunately, it looks like we only have 9 left in stock with no ETA on when we will be receiving more. You can check with our resellers for additional availability if you'd like:

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy
Customer: where will the products be shipped from?
Agent: If ordered from our eStore, it will be shipped from San Jose, CA
Customer: thanks
Agent: No problem! Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: that's all for now thanks
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Joyce Chen left the following comment: quick response Hello. How may I help you? Hi, have a power supply, model number PWS-502-PQ, that fried. Seems like it might no longer be available, any way to see what should be compatible? I believe the model of the chassis is 733TQ
Agent: Hi Isaac, yeah that one is end of life. PWS-668-PQ is the replacement, but let me check if its even available
Customer: Thanks a lot! And that should be compatible, if I can find one?
Agent: It should be if it's the direct replacement https://store.supermicro.com/668w-atx-pws-668-pq.html we do have it in stock
Customer: Got it, let me look at that
Agent: Sure
Customer: And I assume that should fit in the chassis?
Agent: What's the complete chassis#? It should if you provided 733TQ, this model has it installed https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/chassis/tower/733/SC733TQ-668B
Customer: Not 100% sure, all I have is:
Supermicro 733TQ Tower chassis w/4 Hot-Swap bays & 500W PS
Agent: Oh ok, yeah it should work
Customer: Awesome, thanks so much!!
Agent: You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Think that's it for now, thanks so much for your time and expertise!
Agent: Np at all! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Anthony
Customer: Just created account. Would like to configure a system. Need a 1U rack mount server for <$1200
Agent: May I have your email address that tied with the account please?
Customer: anthony.antonoff@zenith.com
Agent: You can access our System tab now once you log out and log back in. 
https://store.supermicro.com/customer/account/login/
Customer: ok, i will do that now
Agent: https://store.supermicro.com/systems/mainstream.html https://store.supermicro.com/systems/wio.html Can you access to these link?
Customer: yes, working now
Agent: Great! Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: no, thanks for your help
Agent: You're welcome.  Please let us know if you need any assistance. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? would like to use 480GB m.2 drive in place of HDD in sys-5019s-ml. is this possible?
Agent: Hi Anthony Let me check on this, please give me a moment Please bear with me for a few more minutes while I check for you. 
Customer: ok
Agent: Thanks for waiting. It doesn't look like we have any available M.2 options for this, but it does 1x M.2 Interface so it is supported. For now, we only have HDD available. 
Customer: how about a sata ssd?\
Agent: No SATA SSDs validated or supported for this one unfortunately. 
Customer: Co-worker ordered this.  pls refer to order 1000023162
Agent: Ok let me check on that order You're right. I'm not sure why it's not listed as an option other than being out of stock.  Would you like that exact configuration?
Customer: yes. need a quote
Agent: Ok sure, how many were you looking for btw?
Customer: just one right now
Agent: Ok, I might be able to put a pre-configured server for you since the SSD is not a selectable option. I can email once it is ready for you. Let me check what the price estimation would be for that exact config from December.  It would be around 1400 before tax
Customer: ok
Agent: In terms of availability for the SSD, I'd have to check with our internal team but once I get an update, I can let you know if this option is still available. 
Customer: ok. also, are rails available to rack mount this server?
Agent: Typically, most of the servers we sell on the eStore come with the rail kit. However, since this is a short depth server, it may be just optional, let me double check. 
Customer: thx
Agent: I'm awaiting confirmation on this, so I'll have to get back to you for this as well.  Don't want you spending for a rail kit if it already comes with one. 
Customer: thanks
Agent: I'm leaning towards it being you'll have to buy it separately since its optional, but I will have to get verification for it So for this server, 1) awaiting availability of SSD and 2) the need for rail kit I will email you for both once I get an update and if the SSD is available, I will provide you with a pre-configured link hopefully within 24 hours. 
Customer: Ok, I need to leave the chat. Thanks for your help!
Agent: You're very welcome. If not tonight, I'll reach out to you tomorrow morning  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: thats it. thanks, bye
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Norman
Customer: is there a video on how to install these? MCP-290-00058-0N
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we don't have any video for the install this rail kit. But let me check if we have any document to show how.
Customer: 🙂
Agent: This is the installing instruction document for the MCP-290-00053-0N.  You can use this instruction as the reference
Customer: ty bye
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Peter!
Customer: Hi Jim.. we bought a couple of SuperMicro servers to test out for a potential future larger rollout.. so this is the first time I'm playing around with this I notixed the ILO interface (or what its called with your brand) asks for a product key to activate.. where do I find that?
Agent: I'm guessing you're referring to the IPMI interface?
Customer: right
Agent: You would need to purchase an OOB license key in order to activate it: https://store.supermicro.com/out-of-band-sft-oob-lic.html
Customer: ah ok
Agent: From the dropdown, select your motherboard, then check out and you should receive a key within the hour.
Customer: Where do I find my motherboard name? All the IPMI interface shows is "SYS-6029P-WTR" but that's not on the list on the page you sent
Agent: Ahh, one moment You'll need to be logged into your eStore account to view this link, but you can find it on our product page for the 6029P-WTR:

https://store.supermicro.com/wio-server-sys-6029p-wtr.html?utm=smcpp For reference, your motherboard is X11DDW-L
Customer: gotcha
Agent: Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: No thats it for now.. thanks
Agent: No problem Peter! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Andy
Customer: what's the difference between CBL-SAST-0934-12 and CBL-SAST-0934-1. Bothe spec are the same
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  CBL-SAST-0934-12 is the replacement for CBL-SAST-0934-1. The difference is mechanical and not electrical or environmental related. The information can be found in BOM under CBL-SAST-0934-12's page
Customer: thanks!
Agent: No problem! Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: that's good, bye
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello, can you tell me how I set up my account to be TAX EXEMPT? hi, does they connect together for dualfan configuration? Chat assigned to Tim because SuperBot hasn't replied in 3 minutes Chat assigned to Joe because Tim hasn't replied in 3 minutes I want to install fans in my case, I have two 3.5" HDD inside, so I think there is only space for dual fan configuration, but i don't know how to attach them Chat is idle due to 10 minutes of inactivity Customer was queued because Joe had lost internet connection Hello. How may I help you? Hello. How may I help you? Hello
Agent: Hi Alexander
Customer: I am currently configuring the Supermicro 2U WIO SuperServer (SYS-6029P-WTR) currently have it configured using the Intel® Xeon® Gold 5218R Processor 20-Core 2.10 GHz 27.50MB Cache (125W) and then 3 of the 480GB M.2 7300 PRO NVMe PCIe 3.1 x4 Solid State Drive (1 x DWPD) My plan was to use the 3 m2 drives as: 1 boot drive, 2 storage, and then use WD gold hard drives for a storage raid 0 array do you know the compatability of this server with WD gold? 18 tb drives specifically I am planning on getting 4-8 of them and putting them in raid 0
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: thanks! thats what my current config looks like btw if that helps
Agent: Thank you
Customer: and the hard drives I was planning on putting in there are the "Western Digital 18TB WD Gold Enterprise Class Internal Hard Drive - 7200 RPM Class, SATA 6 Gb/s, 512 MB Cache, 3.5" - WD181KRYZ"
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, this hard drive is not validated with this system. You can try, but I cannot guarantee it will work or not
Customer: is there a list of validated drives?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  You can find all the validated drive for this system by this link https://www.supermicro.com/en/support/resources/hdd/systemhdd?ProductID=85695 This 18TB drive is validated with the SYS-6029P-WTR
https://store.supermicro.com/18tb-sata3-hdd-t18t-st18000nm000j.html For WD, we only validate the Ultrastar DC HC550
Customer: and these drives are new or refurb?
Agent: HDD-T18T-WUH721818ALE6L4 All drive we sell is new HDD-T18T-WUH721818ALE6L4 is the part number for the WD 18TB Ultra DC HC550. It has been validated with this system
Customer: Thanks! Another question, is there a warrenty that comes with the drives if ordering along with the unit?
Agent: For a server, warranty should be the 3 year labor, 3 year parts, 1 year cross shipment
Customer: does that 3 year parts cover failed hard drives?
Agent: Yes
Customer: Lastly, is there any promo codes or anything like that you could suggest, the price for the build is getting up there...
Agent: Unfortunately, we don't have any promo code at the moment
Customer: Another question, is the server checked before shipmnet? to ensure everything is working or how does that work since no software or OS on it
Agent: Yes, we validated and burn in all systems before we ship out. You don't have to purchase the OS or software if you don't need to FYI, we have free standard shipping when you purchase a server from our eStore
Customer: Thank you for the help, you have been great!
Agent: If you want to take the 18TB WB, please let me know. I can help you with the pre-config
Customer: in the list on the site, there is the "18TB 3.5" Exos X18 7200 RPM SATA3 6Gb/s 256MB Cache 512E/4Kn Hard Drive" listed would you suggest the one you noted or the 18TB from the config list ?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  Oh yeah, they are the same one I'm sorry, I didn't see it on my end at the first time
Customer: no problem, Thanks again!
Agent: You're welcome.  Please let us know if you need any assistance Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: oh lastly what is the video out of this unit? VGA?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  Yes, it is VGA
Customer: thanks lastly in the configurator it allows to place 3 m.2 drives but in the screensht it only shows a slot for 1? is it correct it can have 3?
Agent: I'm sorry, this system only support 1 M.2 
Customer: it auto added a "Supermicro PCI-E 2x NVMe M.2 SSD Add on Card" when i add more than 1?
Agent: You can have 3 if using AOC
Customer: AOC?
Agent: Storage controller I meant
Customer: ah ok it seems like it auto added that "Supermicro PCI-E 2x NVMe M.2 SSD Add on Card"
Agent: Yes 
Customer: so 1 would go into the mobo and 2 into the pci adapter? ok Thanks!
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: I think thats it, thank you!
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Alexander Chopra left the following comment: helpful! Hello. How may I help you? I am trying to build a cart and getting this: Add to cart fails
The requested qty exceeds the maximum qty allowed in shopping cart It is only one server
Agent: Hi Chad
Customer: Hi
Agent: Sorry you're having issues. For which server is this issue coming?
Customer: Supermicro CloudDC SuperServer (SYS-620C-TN12R)
Agent: Ok thanks. Do you have the CPU, memory, and storage specs so I can see what's going on?
Customer: sure Intel® Xeon® Gold 6338 Processor 32-Core 2.00 GHz 48MB Cache (205W)
x2
Memory
128GB DDR4 3200MHz ECC RDIMM Server Memory
x16
HDD
3TB 3.5" Exos 7E8 7200 RPM SATA3 6Gb/s 256MB Cache 512N Hard Drive
x8
NVMe
2TB 2.5" DC P4510 NVMe PCIe 3.0 Solid State Drive (3 x DWPD)
x4
Accessory
Slimline x8 (STR) to 2x SlimlineLP x4 (STR),FFC,40/40CM,
x2
SSD
480GB 2.5" D3-S4610 SATA 6Gb/s Solid State Drive (3 x DWPD)
x2
Accessory
MCP-220-82616-0N - 2 x 2.5" Hot-Swappable Rear Drive Kit (Required Accessory)
x1
AIOM
AIOM: Supermicro 10-Gigabit (2 x SFP+) Ethernet Network Adapter
x2
Onboard
1 Dedicated IPMI LAN Port
x1
Keyboard
Supermicro Rackmount Keyboard and Mouse Combo (Included)
Agent: Ok thanks, please give me a moment while I check Alright, I was able to replicate the issue. It might be a component that's triggering this as we do have this server available. Let me verify  We're investigating on our end, should hopefully be just a few minutes.  Thanks for waiting. It looks like the issue may take some time to resolve, hopefully within the next 30 minutes. You can either stay on the chat or wait for my email once it has been resolved. 
Customer: i'll stay on chat
Agent: Ok sounds good. I'll let you know here once its resolved then.  Thanks for your patience! Can you try again adding to cart?
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Chad
Customer: Hello - I am looking for compatible SFP+ transceivers for the SYS-620C-TN12R I am sure that you have some but the validator doesn't list them
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  You can choose any transceivers below: 
- AOM-TSR-FS https://store.supermicro.com/aom-tsr-fs.html?queryID=5b4ed26d68eb0ef0ececae66ea4b6103&objectID=932&indexName=supermicro_default_products
-AOM-SFP28-25GBE-SR-1-MLN https://store.supermicro.com/aom-sfp28-25gbe-sr-1-mln.html
-AOC-E10GSFPSR- https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-10g-1g-ethernet-10gbase-sr-1000base-sx-dual-rate-sfp-850nm-lc-transceiver-aoc-e10gsfpsr.html They are validated with the system SYS-620C-TN12R
Customer: Thank you
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: All good - thank you
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Jake!
Customer: Hi Jim, Is there a link for Canadian Customers to configure a Server?
Agent: Unfortunately, no. Our eStore configurator is for U.S. customers only 😞  If you'd like, you can try checking with our Sales team:

Sales dept: Sales-USA@supermicro.com
Tel: +1-408-503-8000
Customer: Thanks - I'l e-mail them.
Agent: No problem! Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: Nope - that's it - Have a good day
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? hi, i have old tower server, i want to use SSD hard drive
Agent: Hi Chun What's the server or workstation model#?
Customer: i need Drive Tray to hold SSD 2.5" hard drive , hot-swappable part number MCP-220-00080-0B
Agent: ok thanks, let me check what the 3.5" to 2.5" drive tray is
Customer: https://store.supermicro.com/mcp-220-00080-0b.html
Agent: That is the 3.5" to 2.5" converter drive tray 
Customer: i found online, but how can i order?
Agent: You can simply add to cart and check out if you are a US customer. 
Customer: but, it doesn't work We currently have "-9" of the "Supermicro (Gen 2) 3.5" to 2.5" Converter Drive Tray (MCP-220-00080-0B)" in stock, but we may have enough inventory to complete your order. Please contact us via "email or live chat" that's message i got
Agent: Oh I see, how many were looking for?
Customer: two
Agent: Oh thanks, the inventory will be updated shortly. Can you please confirm you can ship this within the United States? You should be able to add 2 now
Customer: i am in Canada
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, our Supermicro eStore currently only ships within the United States. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy  Can I help you with anything else?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hi Kyle, believe you helped me earlier - looking for compatible rail kits for SYS-620C-TN12R
Agent: Hi Chad, yeah I did talk to you here!  Our servers except for the short-depth ones do come with a rail kit already This would come with MCP-290-00053-0N  https://store.supermicro.com/2u-3u-rail-kit-mcp-290-00053-0n.html
Customer: Perfect - thanks
Agent: You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Nope - all good
Agent: Ok sounds good. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day and weekend, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Do you have a specification sheet for part number KYB-MUS-194CB?
Agent: Hi Christopher
Customer: hello
Agent: Let me check
Customer: Also can you confirm this item is TAA compliant? I am looking to purchase these for my government customer
Agent: That I'm not sure, I'd have to check and get back to you on that. I do know these are RoHS and REACH compliant
Customer: ok, can i provide my email for a reply?
Agent: It doesn't look like there is a specification sheet for this keyboard available unfortunately.  I'll have to check with the PM and get back to you. Is christopher.wang@raventek.com the best email to reach you on?
Customer: yes, thank you very much for your assistance
Agent: You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: not at this time. thanks
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
610aa: Hi Todd! How can I help you today?
Customer: Hello I just bought one of your amd workstations at MicroCenter and a little confused on trying to register it , I have the sn for the case and motherboard and power supply do I need to register them separately, also I don't have a customer ID this is just for home use.
610aa: Our serial number checker is for our direct customers since it required a customer ID. Is there something you are looking for in terms of registering the system from us?
Customer: I'm trying to get more hard drives for it but not sure what to get.
610aa: Do you have the system part number that I can looking up? Something either with SYS or AS in the beginning
Customer: All I see is SC 743 for the case and M12SWA-TF for the motherboard.https://www.microcenter.com/product/643592/supermicro-advanced-workstation-desktop-computer
610aa: Would it be possible to give me your serial number for the system? On the case
Customer: C7430FJ43MJ0232
610aa: Please give me one sec while I look this up
Agent: please wait while i continue to look this up system is a little slow
Customer: That's ok so am I Kyle  transferred the chat to Kyle 
Agent: Hi Todd, this is Kyle and I can help you with this
Customer: Hi Kyle
Agent: So you have the SMC case and motherboard? Let me check on that SN
Customer: It was all together when I bought it
Agent: Oh ok, where do you see the motherboard model#?
Customer: It's a M12SWA-TF for AMD
Agent: Ok thanks, we can go off that on what's compatible for it Looks to be in this chassis https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/chassis/4U/743/SC743AC-1200B-SQ what kind of hard drives are you looking for? and capacity
Customer: That looks like it, the front hot swappable 6TB
Agent: There is no valid HDD/SSD list available for M12SWA-TF unfortunately actually since this is a brand new motherboard.  I'll have to check with the motherboard PM if there is one Oh give me a moment, I think I know where I can find it as it is a motherboard that's normally ship with another workstation https://store.supermicro.com/6tb-sata3-hdd-t6000-st6000nm021a.html is compatible with this motherboard but it is currently out of stock If you need 1 or 2, I can make a request to allocate more
Customer: ok, thanks now I know for the future.  I was look for 2 for now.
Agent: Ah ok, understood. So you need 2 right now or later down the road?
Customer: I was looking for now but not urgent, just for a hobby.
Agent: Oh got it. Just let us know whenever you're ready to order.  I'll request for 2 today and will email you once they are available
Customer: So back to my original question is do I register this unit? That sounds good
Agent: If you didn't purchase directly from Supermicro eStore or Sales, you wouldn't be able to register the system since it requires a Customer ID.

For any warranty questions, you'll have to check with Microcenter. 
Customer: Ok got it, thanks for your time,have a good day.
Agent: You're welcome and thank you! It was nice talking to you. Have a great weekend, goodbye! 
Customer: You too, bye Hello. How may I help you? Hello
610aa: Hi Jeff!
Customer: Interested in your A+ SuperWorkstation 5014A-TT is this available
610aa: Yes we actually do have this available on our site but it would be complete system only meaning you’ll need to select CPU, Memory and hard drive with it
Customer: Do I need to build one or can I purchase this as a barebone
610aa: Do you have an account on our Supermicro eStore?
Customer: what is the warranty? I don't have an account
610aa: 3 years for parts and labor and 1 year or cross shipment
Customer: Great, will configure and send you my request. thank you
610aa: https://store.supermicro.com/customer/account/create/ Please register here And provide me with your email I will enable access for you so you can configure 5014A-TT on your end Keep in mind, we do have this system in stock and ready to ship so it will most likely ship within 2-3 business days
Customer: thank you
Agent: did you create an eStore account yet? it looks like you have an account with us already please log into your supermicro eStore account with jeff@raven.net once you login, you can click on the link below 
https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-threadripper-performance-workstation-as-5014a-tt.html you must login to your account to see this configurable server
Customer: Liz transferred the chat to Liz
Agent: Please let me know if you have any trouble to see this link https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-threadripper-performance-workstation-as-5014a-tt.html
Customer: sure, thank you for the help
Agent: No problem, I'm here for help I saw you have an account with us, please log in with jeff@raven.net first then click the link above
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hi Liz is Liquid cooling available for A+ SuperWorkstation 5014A-TT
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: sure
Agent: Unfortunately, we don't have the liquid cooling at the moment
Customer: OK, thx
Agent: You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Alex! 
Customer: Hello, I need a set of rails - MCP-290-00063-0N - can you tell me how long it will take to arrive if I order today? Thanks
Agent: It depends on what shipping method you choose We offer standard shipping (3-5 business days), expedited shipping (2 business days), overnight (next business day), priority overnight (by 10:30 am to most US addresses; by 5 pm to some remote areas; by noon on Saturdays).  As long as you place an order before 3:30pm, the order will be shipped out today
Customer: Your site says the item is "out of stock" ... will it still ship today if I order before 3:3-?
Agent: I see  How many are you looking to purchase ?
Customer: only one
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: thanks
Agent: I already put in the transfer request for you. When the transfer is completed, I will email you when it is ready for you The transfer will take about 3-4 houes hours*
Customer: great - thanks! should i go ahead and place the order or wait until the transfer is complete?
Agent: Unfortunately you will need to wait for my email then you can place an order Is rehearsalsf@yahoo.com the best email to reach you ?
Customer: no problem, I will keep my eye out - to confirm, email addr is rehearsalsf@yahoo.com
Agent: Thanks!
Customer: thanks
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: not right now, just need to get those rails
Agent: Got it ! I will email you then. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Robert
Customer: I would like to know if  I can just buy a case like thast that
Agent: I'm sorry, may I know what case are you looking for?
Customer: one sec
Agent: Sure Oh do you mean the chassis only?
Customer: Yes
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry any chassis on our eStore. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.
https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy 
Customer: thank you
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Thats all , thanks
Agent: You're very welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Daniel ! 
Customer: I wanted to get an update on my order. Order # 1000024113
Agent: Order  1000024113 will be shipped out today
Customer: Great, thank you.  That's all I needed
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Vikram! 
Customer: Hey Joe needed your help I am initial looking for PN# PWS-465-PQ Is that available?
Agent: PWS-465-PQ is EOL long time ago
Customer: PWS-903-PQ What about this one is that one in inventory?
Agent: PWS-903-PQ is not EOL however we don't have any stock How many are you looking for ?
Customer: 1.
Agent: Let me check internally to see if we can get you 1 Can I email you after checking ? Is vshukla@gcmicro.com the best email to reach you ?
Customer: yes sir thank you!
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: that is all thank you.
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: you too. Chat is idle due to 10 minutes of inactivity Hello. How may I help you? Hi. I am looking into this SKU SYS-510T-ML What is the availibility?
Agent: Hi Agnel Let me check 
Customer: ok Also, We are tax exempt We need to setup an account for City of Danville, IL
Agent: Ok got it.  We do accept tax-exempt, but it would be applied after the purchase not during the time of purchase.

In order to apply for tax exemption, you would need to provide valid certificate, which you can send to eStore-support@supermicro.com along with your order number.

Your tax-exempt request will be processed after we have verified that the certificate is valid. 
It usually takes up to 10 business days for the tax amount to return back to your original form of payment.
  Before submitting a request, please review the tax exempt guide carefully.  Incomplete or incorrect submissions will be rejected.
https://store.supermicro.com/tax-exemption-guide
  Please give me a moment while I'm checking on availability
Customer: ok. Thanks
Agent: We do have this server in stock ready to be configured: https://store.supermicro.com/mainstream-1u-sys-510t-ml.html

Do you have an eStore account with us?
Customer: no. I do not have an account
Agent: Ok, please create one so you can view and purchase the server on our eStore: https://store.supermicro.com/customer/account/create/
Customer: will do
Agent: Once you confirm your account, let me know
Customer: ok just created it
Agent: ok thanks You should be able to view the link I provided now once you log into your account  you may have to log out and log back in just in case
Customer: ok waiting for conf email not hsowed up yet
Agent: Ohh
Customer: i checked my email filter also
Agent: Not in junk/spam folder?
Customer: no
Agent: Ok, I resent one to adsilva@cityofdanville.org if that is correct
Customer: ok
Agent: any email come in?
Customer: go tit it
Agent: That's great, just took awhile
Customer: ok i will email
Agent: You able to view the server?
Customer: lookin at it now
Agent: Ok sounds good. Let me know if you have any questions. 
Customer: Can you look at my shopping cart I need a bigger secondary hard drive 4-6 TB 1 TB m.2 for OS and second one for storage when I tried to add bigger hard drive it said some accessory was not available
Agent: I cannot from my end unfortunately. Hmm, let me check on the availability of the 4-6TB drive
Customer: If I ordered today, how long before we receive this?
Agent: If you ordered today, it would take about 1-2 business days for assembly. From that point, delivery would depend on the shipping method chosen as we have overnight/priority overnight (basically next day once it ships after assembly), expedited (2 days), and then standard. 

If you need it by end of the week or first thing next week, overnight would be the best option You have to set quantity 0 for the 1TB HDD and then choose the 4 or 6 option Then go to M.2 tab and choose 1B option
Customer: ok
Agent: Are you talking about the rear drive?
Customer: yes or secondary drive I want 1 TB m.2 for OS and 6 TB for storage
Agent: Oh ok, so just 1 qty M.2 and 1 qty 6TB storage? Under Main storage, just put 0 qty for 1TB HDD and choose the 6TB option. Next to that tab, under M.2, choose the 1TB option
Customer: yes
Agent: You should be able to add to cart with that configuration
Customer: got it What is the warranty on this build ?
Agent: Warranty is 3 years for server, 3 years for parts, and 1 year of cross—shipping.
Customer: ok great
Agent: Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Thanks for your help!
Agent: You're welcome!  If there isn't anything else I can help you with, have a great day! Feel free to reach out to us if you have any further questions. Goodbye! 
Customer: nope Thanks Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Jason
Customer: Hi Liz.  Can you help with server specs? inquiry? I purchased a SYS-7049P-TR barebone server 6 months ago and i would like to buy another.
Agent: I see. Do you look for the complete server or just barebone for this  SYS-7049P-TR?
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi again Jason
Customer: hi!  I can't browse your web site otherwise I get kicked off the chat sorry
Agent: No problem Do you have an account with us?
Customer: no
Agent: I see. Can you see this page? 
https://store.supermicro.com/full-tower-sys-7049a-t.html?queryID=117b8340924d70fab38cef916bab3cfb&objectID=2638&indexName=supermicro_default_products Our eStore don't carry the SYS-7049P-TR at the moment, but we carry the similar one is SYS-7049A-T
Customer: the 7049P had dual power supplies, this one looks like it is setup as a workstation, not a server. I saw the 7049a.
Agent: Are you looking for tower server only?
Customer: yes I was.
Agent: I see. This workstation SYS-740A-T also has dual power supply https://store.supermicro.com/sys-740a-t.html
Customer: ok, let me look
Agent: You can see more spec of this server on our main page.
https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/system/Workstation/Tower/SYS-740A-T  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: I have to look more closely at the specs.  Is there a pre-sales number I can call to speak with someone prior to ordering?
Agent: Unfortunately, we don't have call service on our eStore Can you please provide you phone number? And what time we can call you
Customer: sure 631-375-9753 I am available any time today.
Agent: Thank you so much. We will have someone to call you shortly
Customer: That will be great.
Agent: Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: I don't think so.  I appreciate your help.
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: you too.  bye! Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Sam ! 
Customer: Hi Joe, I am interested in purchasing SYS-5039C-T from the eStore But I wanted to check DRAM compatibility I have 4 dimms of HMA81GR7CJR8N-XN DRAM.  (total 32GB) Would it be possible to check if this will be compatible with the system?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: sure thank you!
Agent: HMA81GR7CJR8N-XN is not tested with SYS-5039C-T
Customer: i see, thanks for the info!
Agent: Here is the list of the memories that are tested for your server https://store.supermicro.com/validatedparts/result/index/?cat=11&q=SYS-5039C-T
Customer: got it thanks for your help
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: no that is all
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: thanks you too Hello. How may I help you? Hi, Kyle! Someone from the chat helped me find one of these (Supermicro 1000W 1U Redundant Power Supply (PWS-1K03A-1R)) last Thursday and said they would send me an email with a link to complete the order. I haven't received the email, so I was just following up. Hopefully there is still one available!
Agent: Hi Kate, sure let me check for you. 
Customer: Thanks!
Agent: Please bear with me for a few more minutes while I check for you. 
Customer: SUre!
Agent: I think we can get 1, but will have to double check again. I can email you with an update if we can or not by today at the very least. 
Customer: That sounds great!
Agent: Great! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: That's it! Thanks so much!
Agent: You're welcome! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: I hope you have a great day, too!
Agent: Thank you! Goodbye!
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Laurie
Customer: Yes your site shows stock of PWS-1K23A-1R, but when I add to the cart it says no stock. I have a need for 1
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  I can request transfer inventory for 1 PWS-1K23A-1R. Can I email you back via supplychain@mbx.com when the stock is ready?
Customer: Yes please do!
Agent: Sure. I will email as soon as it is ready. Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: would you be able to get 3 of these?   PWS-721P-1R
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  The PWS-721P-1R is currently EOL. Its replacement SKU is PWS-802A-1R
https://store.supermicro.com/800-1u-pws-802a-1r.html?queryID=5d330cdd15b8a04bc31abfcb6ec09caf&objectID=1438&indexName=supermicro_default_products We currently have only 1 unit PWS-802A-1R Do you want me request the stock for this power supply?
Customer: No that is ok
Agent: Sure. Is there anything else I may help you with today?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hello. I am trying to order one of MCP-290-00063-0N I tried the chat yesterday and was told that one would be transferred from the warehouse so that I could order it.
Agent: Hi Alex!
Customer: I was told that I would receive an email letting me know that the transfer was complete, so that I could enter the order I received no email.
Agent: We are still waiting for the transfer to be done  Can I email you once I get an update? Sorry for the long wait!
Customer: please do. i am stuck until i get these rails, and they are not available anywhere
Agent: I see. I will email you as soon as I can. 
Customer: How soon can I expect an email? How long should I wait beofre contacting you again?
Agent: Within today I am sure we will get you an update
Customer: thanks. if i do not see an email today i will contact you again tomorrow
Agent: You're welcome. Yes, please Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: no
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hi, I'm looking at your Gen-3 SFF drive trays, and I would like information to the mechanical footprint so that I can make a server of my own compatible with Supermicro drive trays.
Agent: Hi Whisper
Customer: Really what I need is general measurements for the left and right sides so I know how to have an enclosure built/
Agent: We don't provide those specs from our end, please check with our technical support team for this at support@supermicro.com 
Customer: Can you at least tell me if you have an SFF tray model in White? I'm getting sick of everything being black. I know the oldest systems you have were beige/grey
Agent: Currently, we don't carry any drive trays that are white unfortunately. Some do have shades of grey with the tabs being the only color change whether its orange or maroon
Customer: Do you have the model number(s) at least? I can't seem to find White SFF trays without seeing dead end advertisements on "mobile rack" assemblies.
Agent: Nothing in current gen will have the beige/white colors, but let me check if there's a part for the older ones. 
Customer: Okay...
Agent: It looks like the only colored ones are OEM versions, not ones we can sell. I do see the a beige G3 tray MCP-220-00047-0W
 you're looking for the 2.5" drive trays right? not the 3.5 to 2.5"
Customer: The 47? That's bizzare. I didn't know that variant had a white verison. Can you tell me the last time it was known to have been sold?  And yeah I want the 2.5" trays.
Agent: Yeah pretty rare. We've only sold black/grey drive trays on the eStore for the last 6 years so it might have been just our resellers/distributors that had them or it only came with server/chassis purchases
Customer: Weird. I can't even find it in a search, and I always know where to look, but this thing's a ghost.
Agent: Yeah I wonder if it's been phased out, let me check
Customer: Okay... is that the only White SFF tray model? I've seen it under 2 other SKU's, for a total of 3 known SKU's, but only 2 different models, and neither is listed anywhere (except a handful of full hard drive replacements)
Agent: Its the only beige one. there is a G1 version, but that is most likely not available  I do see a white version for a 3.5" drive tray, CSE-PT39L, so its not what you're looking for since its not SFF
Customer: Tell me about the M28E2-- I see it's old but has white SFF trays. And so does the M14T
Agent: CSE-PT84L oh those look pretty cool  wow, those were before 2010
Customer: There's the PT84L and the PT0120. Same thing, different SKU, same design, different enclosure.
Agent: Yeah  PT0120 is Gen 1  84L is Gen 2  Gen 3 is the 47-0W but doesn't look as good as those well it says beige, so it might be white too
Customer: This is where it gets weird; those two models look closer to a Gen.3 based on the shape, but the release tab sticks out kind of, and looks to only have 2 grip lines, whereas another model I saw is like a derivative of Gen.3 and has the same release tab, but in inward-shaped lever on front.
Agent: Ahh I see. Could be a different model than the two listed? From what i can see, I only see the 3 we listed though
Customer: Are you allowed to read URL's people send? I want to show you what I found. This is the other unit I saw, and have no idea which model it could be: https://www.ebay.com/itm/322494413046
Agent: I can view the link, it looks similar to the other ones, just kind of a faded picture
Customer: So in that listing, is that the 047-0W? (you can click the picture and it will enlarge also)
Agent: I don't have a picture of the 047 in beige (white?), but do have a black version looks similar
Customer: How much of a difference is there between generations as far as mechanical fit?
Agent: That we wouldn't know unfortunately, but typically the newer revision can replace the previous one with no issues so shouldn't be much of a difference other than the appearance of the front side. for these ones though, they are specific to its hardware. PT0120 with M14 and PT84L with M28 47-0W with regular rackmounts
Customer: I guess I have some serious digging to do.  Is there any historic indication of which server models would have been shipped with the 047-0W tray?
Agent: No we don't unfortunately, it may have been removed from the main site.  The only details we have is MCP-220-00047-0W was used with regular rackmounts
Customer: Okay, at least I have a base model to search.  It sucks there isn't more, though... I'm one of the few people who searches every dark corner of Supermicro.com (and Molex.com when I'm bored) for the fun of finding hardware. I'm sure Linus Sebastian would cringe at that.
Agent: Ohh 🙂. Yeah sorry wish I could provide you more, but hopefully gives you something to deep dive into. At least you have some part#s
Customer: Is there a way I can get the mechanical details for an existing SFF chassis? I need something to base my design idea off of or the trays won't fit.
Agent: You can try checking with our technical support team at support@supermicro.com or maybe Sales at Sales-USA@supermicro.com
Customer: That'll take days. Thanks anyway. Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Robert
Customer: Good Afternoon I am on the Website looking at CSE-846BE2C-R609JBOD
Agent: Good Afternoon
Customer: and I can't seem to find it on the estore?
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carryany chassis on our eStore. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy 
Customer: That was easy. Thank you for the quick answer
Agent: You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: That will do it
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: YOu as well Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Reese
Customer: Hello there! I'd like to cancel my order not yet shipped (1000024177)
Agent: May I confirm your billing and shipping address for this order please
Customer: Reese Rankin
Allwire Technologies
3329 Sahalee Way NE Sammamish, WA 98074
Agent: Thank you Can you please confirm that you want to cancel this order?
Customer: Yes, I'd like to cancel the order
Agent: Thank you for confirming. I will process to cancel this order Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: No that is all! Thanks so much, I appreciate it.
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: You too, byte! bye Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Dave ! 
Customer: im looking for 500 pcs M386A8K40CM2-CVF Samsung 64GB PC4-23400 DDR4-2933MHz Registered ECC CL21 288-Pin Load Reduced DIMM 1.2V Quad Rank partials are ok
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: thanks
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry M386A8K40CM2-CVF on our eStore. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy 
Customer: THANKS
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: NOT RIGHT NOW
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Bryan
Customer: hey I have a couple supermicro servers we use for their GPIU, currrently it looks like I have 1gb nics. i'd like to put 2 10gb nics in each of the servers I have . looking for compatible nics.
Agent: May I have the part number of the server in the question?
Customer: well that's what I am looking for a part number for 10gb nics for System Information
        Manufacturer: Supermicro
        Product Name: SYS-4028GR-TR
        Version: 123456789
        Serial Number: S188901X6711658
        UUID: 00000000-0000-0000-0000-0CC47A835AD6
        Wake-up Type: Power Switch
        SKU Number: 089215D9
        Family: SMC X10
Agent: Thank you for the information. Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: thanks, i have 2 of the 402 and 2 of the 202's 
System Information
        Manufacturer: Supermicro
        Product Name: SYS-2028GR-TR
        Version: 123456789
        Serial Number: S16574225411929
        UUID: 00000000-0000-0000-0000-0CC47A19658A
        Wake-up Type: Power Switch
        SKU Number: 084315D9
        Family: SMC X10
Agent: Which 10Gbs NICs card are you looking for? The RJ45 or SFP+?
Customer: rj45 would be better
Agent: You can use AOC-STG-i2T - Standard Low-Profile Dual-port 10GbE controller with 2x RJ45 (10GBase-T) ports for the SYS-4028GR-TR Let me check for the  SYS-2028GR-TR For the  SYS-2028GR-TR, the only SFP+ 10GBs is validated with it
Standard Low-Profile Dual-port 10GbE controller with 2x SFP+ ports - AOC-STGN-i2S You can check more compatible NICs card for SYS-2028GR-TR here: 
https://www.supermicro.com/en/support/resources/aoc/display?id=2BF51467EA9B7F04C8251C2A3159CDA4&Category=MB&prid=83966&function=networking

and compatible NICs card for SYS-4028GR-TR here: 
https://www.supermicro.com/en/support/resources/aoc/display?id=894C2685DE4B2D7094C90AEED56E00E2&Category=MB&prid=84987&function=networking I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry any NIC cards  on our eStore. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy 
Customer: thanks a ton that really helps.
Agent: You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: nope that was it, thanks again
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: you too Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Chris! 
Customer: Hello We are a local government and tax exempt How can I include this in my account?
Agent:   We do accept tax-exempt, but it would be applied after the purchase not during the time of purchase.

In order to apply for tax exemption, you would need to provide valid certificate, which you can send to eStore-support@supermicro.com along with your order number.

Your tax-exempt request will be processed after we have verified that the certificate is valid. 
It usually takes up to 10 business days for the tax amount to return back to your original form of payment.
  Before submitting a request, please review the tax exempt guide carefully.  Incomplete or incorrect submissions will be rejected.
https://store.supermicro.com/tax-exemption-guide
  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: I think 10 days is going to be too long I will have to look for a reseller we already have an account with
Agent: Got it ! Sorry for the inconvenience !  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Laurie
Customer: What is the lead time for total of 30 pcs of Mfr. Part #: PWS-407P-1R?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  Can I email you back via lwolfel@comtechefdata.com for this? I will need to check internally for an ETA for this power supply
Customer: Yes that is fine.  Email address correct.
Agent: Thank you for confirming Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: No that is it.
Agent: I will email you as soon as I have the ETA information. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? looking into a motherboard
Agent: Hi Kenneth
Customer: X12SCQ
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry any motherboards on our eStore. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy 
Customer: need to know the cost and lead time OK thanks
Agent: You're welcome! You can try checking with our Sales team at Sales-USA@supermicro.com as well. Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Nope thats it have a great day
Agent: Thanks! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? CBL-PWEX-0792 just need the unit weight and what the warranty is
Agent: Hi Connie
Customer: hi
Agent: For weight, I'll have to verify and get back to you on that. For warranty its 1 year
Customer: thank you
Agent: You're welcome Give me a moment while I'm still checking
Customer: thank you
Agent: Thanks for waiting. It should be 0.25 lbs
Customer: than you
Agent: Np! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Maarten
Customer: Hello Liz, are you a bot or a real person?
Agent: I'm a real person 😄

Customer: good :) I want to buy 1x SFT-OOB-LIC but the problem is, I can't pay as I am from the Netherlands and I can only input USA address lines that means, my credit card does not accept the payment to go trough as the address is incorrect :) can you help?
Agent: I’m sorry, but our OOB license is only available for US-based customers (US billing address) to purchase. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.
https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy  I'm so sorry for this inconvenience
Customer: yeah, we pretty much need this license tonight as we are in the datacenter currently there's no distry which is helping us now it is 20:59 distri* pretty sure we can get it tomorrow but we just have no time left... :(
Agent: You can contact our Sale team at Sales-USA@supermicro.com to see if they can help  Tel: +1 408-503-8000  
Customer: let me send them an email immediately can you kind of let them know it is coming?
Agent: Yes, I let them know about this request
Customer: thank you liz! appreciated
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: no thank you Liz mail is underway appreciated again!
Agent: no problem. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: likewise Liz, thank you! Hello. How may I help you? Hi there. I am looking for suitable rack rails for the server indicated I found these: https://store.supermicro.com/2u-3u-rail-kit-mcp-290-00053-0n.html .. but on the 'check validity' thingy it says it hasn't been validated
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  Yes, the MCP-290-00053-0N works with your chassis. You can check the compatibility rail set at our main site. 
https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/system/2U/6028/SYS-6028U-TR4_.cfm at parts list area
Customer: Ah, I didn't see that parts list part on the spec page. Thank you
Agent: You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: No, that was it thanks :)
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Derek Piper left the following comment: Guided me to the information I needed. I wish the online compatibility checker would have stated it was compatible though but the agent was very helpful. Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Manuel
Customer: I am looking for a server like this: ER1UX7SPEHFD525FIO
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: thanks
Agent: For short 1U solution server, our eStore carries these server:
- SYS-5019S-ML - https://store.supermicro.com/mainstream-1u-sys-5019s-ml.html
- SYS-510T-ML - https://store.supermicro.com/mainstream-1u-sys-510t-ml.html
Customer: about 3 week ago I saw a server with an intel atom processor for about $429, do you still have it?
Agent: Did you see it on our eStore?
Customer: I think so
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  I'm sorry, but unfortunately, our eStore don't carry any server with Atom processor at the moment. You can contact our resellers or distributors for this at 
https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: No thanks
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? I need to contact the sales team, sue e-mailed me, what is her phone number
Agent: How may I help you from here?
Customer: I need to speak with Sue. Why don't you have a phone number for me to call? I have a large order.
Agent: What is your phone number please ?
Customer: 541-512-4971
Agent: A representative is calling you now. Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hello Kyle, I am checking on a PO that was sent a few minutes ago PO#BB01560043 it shows that it was sent bia email
Agent: Hi Pavan, POs go to Sales as eStore doesn't accept POs unfortunately. Which email did you send it to?
Customer: epo@supermicro.com
Agent: Ahh yeah that isn't our group unfortunately so you'll have to wait for their response. 
Customer: ok thanks, just checking if they can ship it out today
Agent: Understood. Hopefully they can! 
Customer: will wait for any response from them then have a good day
Agent: What was it for btw? The product I mean
Customer: 	
Supermicro 8-Pin CPU to 8-Pin CPU 50cm Power GPU Cable (CBL-PWEX-1042)
Agent: Ahh I see. We actually have that in stock and ready for purchase too through credit card: https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-8-pin-cpu-to-8-pin-cpu-50cm-power-gpu-cable-cbl-pwex-1042.html
Customer: yeh, but this is for university purchase so I went with their purchasing process
Agent: Oh understood, no worries! Hopefully they can ship out today then!  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: that is it for todya thanks and have a great day
Agent: Thank you! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Melissa
Customer: I would like to know availability for SNK-P0078AP4
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  How many do you need for SNK-P0078AP4?
Customer: I am looking for 50pcs more if available
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we are currently out of stock for SNK-P0078AP4. Do you want me to check for the ETA?
Customer: Yes please
Agent: Sure, let me check for you. 
Customer: thank you
Agent: You're welcome. The ETA for SNK-P0078AP4 is around mid of May. Please come back to check with us by that time or use the "Notify Me" option on eStore to get notificate by email when the stock comes back.
https://store.supermicro.com/2u-active-cpu-cooler-snk-p0078ap4.html?queryID=b9a26cfb1c0ab40cf79251a1ebd38b78&objectID=2769&indexName=supermicro_default_products
Customer: thank you
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Omar.
Customer: Hello Mark I have a SYS-620C-TN12R that I just received, but a power supply doesn't seem to be working. What is the replacement for this?
Agent: I'm sorry to hear that your power supply is working properly. please give me a moment to look this up
Customer: ok thx
Agent: If you would like to switch over to DC48V Option,PWS-711-1R https://store.supermicro.com/710w-1u-pws-711-1r.html is replacement for the battery PWS-1K23A-1R. 
Customer: Ok thanks, so I can use PWS-1K23A-1R right? or is that what I have
Agent: The system you have comes with PWS-1K23A-1R Which is in stock on eStore https://store.supermicro.com/1200w-1u-pws-1k23a-1r.html?queryID=126bd7a2f4465924e5dfe5c26c7ec260&objectID=693&indexName=supermicro_default_products
Customer: K great thanks
Agent: Is there anything else i can help you out with?
Customer: Umm yes What is your return policy and how can I send you this faulty power supply?
Agent: For Power Supplies/Power Distributors we have 1 year warranty To return a Supermicro eStore order, please utilize the Supermicro Customer Reporting Management System to submit a New RMA Request.To return a Supermicro eStore order, please utilize the Supermicro Customer Reporting Management System to submit a New RMA Request.

If you have not submitted a request before, please register prior to doing so.
Customer: Ok great, this is helpful
Agent: Is there anything else i can help you out with?
Customer: No, I'm all set now
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a wonderful day!
Customer: Thanks you too Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Marco !
Customer: Hi, I'm trying to get a network card with 2x 10G ports, preferably RJ45 to expand an SYS-740A-T that we got a few months ago
Agent: I see Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: Sure. Thank you. I checked out the website but could not find it
Agent: Yeah, we dont carry AOC on our eStore unfortunately . I am trying to find a tested one for your server so you can purchase it somewhere else AOC-STGS-I2T will work You can purchase AOC-STGS-I2T through resellers https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: This is all, thank you!
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? hi, im here in the philippines. i would like to purchase 5029p WTR server, can u assist me finding your dealers here in our country? thanks
Agent: Hi Jay Sure I can. 
Customer: okay
Agent: Redwood Venture Inc.
http://www.redwood.ph/
2/F BB Corporate Center #32 Pilar St. cor. Araullo S., Addition Hills, San Juan, M.M.
+632-6214671
+632-6214672
supermicro@redwood.ph VST ECS PHILS., INC
https://www.vstecs.com.ph
MSI-ECS Complex M. Eusebio Avenue San Miguel Pasig City Metro Manila Philippines 1600
63-2-8830-9999
acvergara@msi-ecs.com.ph These are the two listed https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy
Customer: dealers?
Agent: you can check around the Asia area as well if others can ship to you
Customer: not resellers right
Agent: Its a mix of resellers/distributors 
Customer: okay ill check with them thanks
Agent: otherwise, you can check with Sales Sales-Asia@supermicro.com.tw Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: okay thats all thank you
Agent: you're welcome! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hi Mark!
Agent: Hi Omar!
Customer: I purchased 5014A-TT and i'm looking for 64GB DIMMS can you please help let me know which ones I need to get?
Agent: of course. Please give me moment to look this up.  For 64GB DIMMS we have MEM-DR464MC-ER32 https://store.supermicro.com/64gb-ddr4-3200-mem-dr464l-sl01-er32.html Its currently in stock on our eStore.
Customer: i have some 2 x 16GB memory in this system since it came with it already it should be okay for me to just add a few 64GBs on there right? don't want the 16GB to go to waste i want to keep it green like Supermicro
Agent: We advise to keep all the memories the same size. Keeping them indentical is what we would suggest. What you can do is add two more the ones you have to make it 64GB. Which ones you do currently have?
Customer: i have 2 x MEM-DR416L-HL02-ER32
Agent: Please give me second to see if we have them in stock.
Customer: before you check on that more 16GB won't work for me my application is memory intensive especially with the limited dimm slots this system has
Agent: How much memory are you looking into getting?
Customer: 8 x 64GB
Agent: I see. Let me see if we have 8 of 64GB MEM-DR464MC-ER32 
Customer: thanks
Agent: On our eStore we only have 7 available but i can ask for inventory change to complete 8 available. Is that okay?
Customer: is this memory compatible with the system? https://store.supermicro.com/64gb-ddr4-3200-mem-dr464l-sl02-er32.html
Agent: give me second to look at this. This memory hasn't been not validated. we can't guarantee if it will work well since Supermicro has not tested it
Customer: ok got it how about MEM-DR464L-CL03-ER32? oh wait never mind you guys only have 4 pcs available i'll just look around and will let you know if i need more help
Agent: Of course. let us know if you have any other questions.
Customer: ok will do have a great rest of your day thanks! Hello. How may I help you? Hey Joe!
Agent: Hi Derek !
Customer: Finally got our EPYC CPU - that was a long 6 month wait. Installing Win 10 Pro on the m.2 drives. Can't get the OS Install off USB to fully detect the m.2 drives on the MOBO. Setup sees the drives but only the MSR partition and I'm not given the option to delete / format the drives. Likely a setting burried in the BIOS?
Agent: Can you please check with tech support for this matter? They can be reached at support@supermicro.com or  You can call them at 408-503-8000
Customer: Sweet... thanks
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi David ! 
Customer: i'm looking for a motherboard i need 2 cpu sockets, 2 nvme ports and 16 dimm slots for a rack mounted server what do you recommend
Agent: What form factor is this motherboard ?
Customer: what does that mean?
Agent: You can actually look for one from this link https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/motherboards/server-boards Maybe this link rather https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/motherboards/
Customer: ok
Agent: We do not carry motherboard on our eStore. For the availability, please check with our resellers and distributors.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy 
Customer: that's why i started this chat i've been to that page not helpful atall
Agent: I see
Customer: i'm going to try to figure out the answer to the form factor question and come back
Agent: Sure Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: do you have a minute? someone is getting the form factor for me
Agent:  Sure
Customer: NEW* SuperMicro X11DPH-TQ Motherboard that's theboard i bought in thepast it is out of stock same form factor as that
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: thank you
Agent: X11DPI-NT
 https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/motherboard/X11DPI-NT
X11DPI-N
https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/motherboard/X11DPI-N This is what I can find so far. 12th Gen motherboard doens't seem to have E-ATX form factor available yet
Customer: so can i buy these on the supermicro e-store?
Agent: We do not carry motherboard on our eStore. For the availability, please check with our resellers and distributors.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy Sorry about that! 
Customer: that's ok thanks for yourhelp
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else?  I found maybe these two will work for you as well 
X12DPi-N6
https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/motherboard/X12DPi-N6


  X12DPi-NT6 https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/motherboard/X12DPi-NT6 We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? I registered an account. The site said that I would get access to configure a server, but while logged into the account when I go to 'Systems' it jst gives me the registration page again.
Agent: Hello, let me check for you Can you try logging out and logging back into your account? You may have to refresh your browser just in case
Customer: seems to have worked!
Agent: Great!  Did you need any assistance with the servers or options?
Customer: I am good for now. thanks
Agent: Ok sounds good and you're welcome. Feel free to chat or email us if you have any questions.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Paul
Customer: Hi Liz, when I go to check out I am getting an error that says “No such entity with addressId = 96265”
Agent: Can you please provide the sceenshot?
Customer: I probably should have blacked out my CC
Agent: No worries. Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: Sure thing, thank you!
Agent: You're welcome. Please bear with me for a few more minutes while our web developer fixing on this issue
Customer: Sounds good! I noticed the site was down for maintenance yesterday. I am not in a hurry :)
Agent: Can you please try checkout again? Please let me know if you still got any issues
Customer: It still has an error. I can try it on my desktop
Agent: Sound great Are you able to check out yet?
Customer: Sorry, I am still working on it
Agent: No worries. Take your time and please let me know if you still got the same issue
Customer: That worked for me!
Agent: Great!
Customer: So, if you want to pass along to your web devs that it didn’t work on an iPad using Safari
Agent: Thank you. I will pass it to our dev team. Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: No, I believe that is it. Thank you for your help today Liz!
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Paul Haley left the following comment: Liz was great and very helpful! Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Anvita! 
Customer: Hi I am trying to upgrade the BIOS on my supermicro server. I found the Supermicro Out of Band Software Tool Will this work for multiple servers?
Agent: No, one OOB key works for one server/motherboard
Customer: Okay, what about the $127 option I apologize -- this product https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-server-manager-dcms-license-key-sft-dcms-single.html What does "per node" mean?
Agent: Per node means per server
Customer: I see. what is the advantage of the datacenter management suite? Do you also offer a trial period? How difficult is it to upgrade the BIOS with just the OOB key without using the suite?
Agent: OOB is for remotely update your BIOS and DCMS can do much more ( including remotely updating your BIOS ) https://www.supermicro.com/en/solutions/management-software/supermicro-server-manager We don't offer  a trial period unfortunately  You can update your BIOS with OOB, no need DCMS
Customer: I want to be able to remotely update my BIOS. I don't need to do anything else. Which option should I pick?
Agent: OOB will be your choice
Customer: Also, do you provide the BIOS file as well?
Agent: You can download it from the motherboard/ server product page What is your motherboard?
Customer: Board Manufacturer: Supermicro
Board Product Name:
Board Serial Num: NM175S506162
Board Part Num: X10SRW-F
Agent: X10SRW-F  https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/motherboard/X10SRW-F Please click " Update Your BIOS "  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Do you have any guidance for how to upgrade BIOS using the zip file you linked?
Agent: There is a Readme file after you unzip the file That will teach you how to update the BIOS but you will need to be physically with the server
Customer: Okay thank you
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: No, thank you
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Anvita Mishra left the following comment: Very helpful Hello. How may I help you? Hello, this item shows available when not signed in when I try and sign in and check out, a number of items are unavailable
Agent: Hello Matthew Can you give me a screenshot or description of the items unavailable?
Customer: sure 1 sec
Agent: Thanks 
Customer: when not signed in I was able to configure and add to cart as soon as I signed in and checked out, the item is removed from cart
Agent: can you sign into your account and check this link? https://store.supermicro.com/wio-server-sys-6029p-wtr.html
Customer: trying now
Agent: We should have it available for sure
Customer: that seems to have solved it I guess it seems to be a weird bug
Agent: Great! That's weird for sure Did you need any further assistance with the server?
Customer: I think we are good Kyle thanks so much
Agent: You're welcome! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: take care!
Agent: Thanks you too! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Steve
Customer: leadtime for MCP-290-00073-0N
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: OK
Agent: I can request more stock for MCP-290-00073-0N. How many are you looking for?
Customer: 2 what are we looking at for delivery time?
Agent: I will request the transfer now, and this should take around some hours.  For the order is placed after 3:30 PM it will be shipped out by the end of tomorrow
Customer: so, the lead time is just a day or two?
Agent: yes, that's correct
Customer: OK I will proceed with my Order..  thank you
Agent: Can I mail you back via smcgovern@cnt.canon.com? when the stock is ready?
Customer: yes, that is me
Agent: Thank you! I will let you know as soon as the MCP-290-00073-0N is ready for you to purchase Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: can I place my order now?
Agent: Unfortunately, you cannot the website won't let you add the item to cart when it don *doesn't available in stock
Customer: OK please let me know ASAP...   what about items MCP-290-00060-0N and MCP-290-00061-0N?  are they available?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: OK
Agent:  we have 1 MCP-290-00060-0N available now https://store.supermicro.com/rail-kit-adapter-set-mcp-290-00060-0n.html
Customer: I need 2 I need 2 of the MCP-290-00061-0N also
Agent: I can request more stock for this and let you know with the MCP-290-00073-0N
The MCP-290-00061-0N is available in stock for you https://store.supermicro.com/rail-kit-adapter-set-mcp-290-00061-0n.html
Customer: OK I will order together...  please let me know...  thank you for your time and help
Agent: Sure. I will let you know as soon as they are available You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: No..  bye for now!  thanks again
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: you too! Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Anvita! 
Customer: Hi Joe! I upgraded the BIOS on my server and now the server is not detecting my boot drive. Can you please help me?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: Thank you
Agent: Is it booting to OS ?
Customer: No it is not There are two "Hard Disk" options and neither worked. I don't see the boot drive with Ubuntu as an option.
Agent: Can you check with tech support for this ? They can be reached at support@supermicro.com or  You can call 408-503-8000
Customer: Okay, thank you
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Is there a chat to reach Supermicro tech support?
Agent: Unfortunately there is no Live Chat for tech support. You can call them thouhg though*
Customer: Okay, thank you
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hi Mark
Agent: Hi Omar
Customer: I want to buy a rail set for my SYS-120C-TN10R Can you please help me for this?
Agent: Of course i can. Please give a moment to look this up.
Customer: Sure
Agent: we have this one MCP-290-00063-0N https://store.supermicro.com/1u-rail-kit-mcp-290-00063-0n.html
Customer: Thank you If I place the order now, when it will be ship?
Agent: Any orders place before 3:30PM PDT ship out on that same day. 
Customer: Ok. Thank you. Which shipping methods are you offered?
Agent: We offer standard shipping (3-5 business days), expedited shipping (2 business days), overnight (next business day), priority overnight (commercial business address is delivery by 10:30 am to most areas and by noon to rural areas. To a residential address it is 4:30 pm or 5 pm to rural areas; on Saturdays).
Customer: Do you have any discount or free shipping code for me to order these rail set?
Agent: Supermicro eStore provides free shipping with any purchase over $200 before tax (excludes rail kits).
Customer: So no discount also?
Agent: No, Im sorry.
Customer: I see. Do you guy accept PO? or what is the payment method?
Agent: eStore does not accept PO. Supermicro eStore accepts Visa, MasterCard, and American Express. Please note: Must be a US-based credit/bank card with a billing address in the United States. US territories are not accepted even if it’s listed as an option.
Customer: Do you guy accept bank transfer? such as ACH?
Agent: Yes do accept ACH.
Customer: Great!
Agent: Is there anything else i can help you out with?
Customer: What is your return policy? do I have any extra charge if I return my order?
Agent: Customers will have 30 days from the day they have received the product to return the product to us. Software and Lifestyle products are not returnable and refundable. Yes we do have extra charge if you would return. Please give me moment to get you the correct information.
Customer: ok
Agent: the extra charge is The shipper will be in charge of paying for shipping back to us & Any return for a refund may be subject to a restocking fee of up to 15%.
Customer: oh ok Thank you
Agent: Is there anything else i can help you out with?
Customer: Do I have any warranty if I buy the rail kit from eStore?
Agent: Yes we do, Rail Kits - 1 year warranty
Customer: Can I exchange it if it is defected when I received it?
Agent: If you receive a defected rail kit you'll have to utilize the Supermicro Customer Reporting Management System to submit a New RMA Request. If you have not submitted a request before, please register prior to doing so.
https://webpr3.supermicro.com/SupportPortal/  
If you have not submitted a request before, please register prior to doing so.

Customer: ok Thank you for that
Agent: of course!  Is there anything else i can help you out with?
Customer: That's it for now. Thank you so much for helping
Agent: It was nice talking to you! Have a great day!
Customer: bye and same to you
Agent: Thank you!
Customer: Omar left the following comment: Mark is awesome Hello. How may I help you? Is this cooler compatable with MBDH12SSLNTO Socket SP3 and Epyc 7443
Agent: Hi Andy Which cooler are you referring to?
Customer: Supermicro 2U Active CPU Heat Sink Socket OLGA4094 (SNK-P0063AP4)
Agent: Let me check  Please bear with me for a few more minutes while I check for you.  The socket type looks correct. Will this be installed in a Supermicro chassis or case?
Customer: on a supermicro motherboard but different case 2U
Agent: Got it, thanks. There isn't any specific heatsink listed or paired with this motherboard so going off the Socket SP3 spec, it should work. 
Customer: ok thanks
Agent: you're welcome Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: no thanks Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Omar
Customer: Hi Mark ! I want to check if I can get an OOB for my motherboard
Agent: Of course. What motherboard do you have?
Customer: X11SPW-TF
Agent: please give me a moment to see if your motherboard can have the OOB from our eStore
Customer: ok
Agent: yes we have this OOB SFT-OOB-LIC https://store.supermicro.com/out-of-band-sft-oob-lic.html
Customer: After I purchase the OOB, how do I generate the key ? Do you need any info from my motherboard to generate the key ?
Agent: please give me moment to get you this information. We have this website that can help you out in activation on OBB https://store.supermicro.com/software/software-license-key-activation-usage
Customer: That's after I got the key so I can activate the OOB right?
Agent: yes you are correct. Please bear with me to get you the proper information helping you generate the key Thank you for waiting. You can use this it gives you details on how to generate the key.  https://store.supermicro.com/media/wysiwyg/productspecs/Supermicro_How_to_Generate_Software_License_Keys.pdf
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Omar.
Customer: Sorry I closed the window I see the link thanks! Do you know where to find my MAC address?
Agent: no worries. So after one hours of your purchase you should get email to "Generate my Key".
Customer: I do have this IPMI MAC address Does it work ?
Agent: Please give me second to make sure that would work. sorry .please bear with me. 
Customer: ok
Agent: You would need BMC MAC address.  which is the same as IPMI MAC address \
Customer: Thanks !
Agent: that would work.  is there anything else i can help you out with?
Customer: If I buy 30 OOB at the same time, can I generate the key one by one or do I have to generate them all at the same time? I guess I want to ask, do they expire?
Agent: they don't expire. You can generate them one by one or multiple if you would like.
Customer: Can my coworker access the keys I bought so they can generate keys as well ?
Agent: Your coworker can use the keys you bought but the have to use your account. or they you can generate keys for them and then send it to them they are already generated.
Customer: I see
Agent: Is there is anything else i can help you out with?
Customer: I think that's all I want to ask for today Thanks for answering my questions
Agent: sorry in the message "or they you can generate keys for them and then send it to them they are already generated." i meant "you can generate them for them of course it was pleasure. 
Customer: Ah i see Have a good day!
Agent: it was nice talking to you. Have a great day! Hi Matthew
Customer: Hi Liz, getting an error about availability when trying to checkout...it asked me to reach out to support
Agent: May I know what is the issue or error alert?
Customer: We currently have "-1" of the "SYS-6029P-WTR_" in stock, but we may have enough inventory to complete your order. Please contact us via "email or live chat" We currently have "-2" of the "480GB M.2 7300 PRO NVMe PCIe 3.1 x4 Solid State Drive (1 x DWPD)" in stock, but we may have enough inventory to complete your order. Please contact us via "email or live chat"
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: sure thing
Agent: Do you configure by yourself or someone from us help you with the pre-config link?
Customer: I'm using the website
Agent: I see. Please give me a moment while I check the inventory for you. 
Customer: sounds good
Agent: May I know how many of SYS-6029P-WTR do you want?
Customer: Just 1 CPU
1 x Intel® Xeon® Silver 4214R Processor 12-Core 2.40 GHz 16.50MB Cache (100W)
$830.00
Memory
2 x 16GB DDR4 3200MHz ECC RDIMM Server Memory
$104.00
Storage
M.2 1 x 480GB M.2 7300 PRO NVMe PCIe 3.1 x4 Solid State Drive (1 x DWPD)
$154.00
Networking
1 x Supermicro 1-Gigabit (2x RJ45) Ethernet Network Adapter
$121.80
1 x 2 RJ45 Gigabit Ethernet Ports
$0.00
Accessory
1 x Supermicro Rackmount Keyboard and Mouse Combo (Included) thats the specs we were looking at and a rail kit
Agent: Thank you so much. The inventory is updated Can you please try again?
Customer: Looks like its working now
Agent: For the rail kit Do you need an extra one?
Customer: Does it come with one? Seemed like it didn't come with one, but maybe I misread
Agent: It should be come with one rail set You can check at the parts list on this page https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/system/2U/6029/SYS-6029P-WTR.cfm  It is included rail set with the system. You don't need to buy instead you need an extra one
Customer: well okay then, I appreciate the clarification
Agent: You're welcome. I just want to make sure you don't have to pay extra if you don't need it Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: No thats it, thank you so much Liz
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hi, I was configuring a SYS-120C-TN10R server and I tried to add NVME drives and I got a message saying CBL-KIT-120C-TN10R-10 was out of stock. Do you know when it will be back in stock?
Agent: Hi Kevin Let me check on that, please give me a moment Please bear with me for a few more minutes while I check for you.  Thanks for waiting. This is taking longer than usual to check. You mind if I email you back once I get an update for this cable kit? 
Customer: That works for me. Thanks!
Agent: You're welcome Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: No, that was it.
Agent: Ok sounds good, I'll be in touch soon. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hello Liz
Agent: Hi Pushkar
Customer: I need ROHS document for couple of parts. 1. SNK-P0067PS
2. SNK-P0068APS4 Could you please help ?
Agent: Sure I will need to request internally for this request Can I email you back via pushkar.tayade@einfochips.com?
Customer: Sure, when shall I expect the reply?
Agent: I'll try my best to email back by the end of today
Customer: Okay, thanks a lot! I'll wait for your response!
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: no, that's it. Thanks, bye!
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Pavan
Customer: Hi, we sent a PO BB01560043 to epo@supermicro.com on Tuesday havent heard anything on that, can you tell me how I can get hold of someone to get the status of this PO?
Agent: I see. Please give me a moment to check on this I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we only accept credit card as form as payment. For the PO sent to this email epo@supermicro.com. Can you please follow up with them. I cannot check on the status of the PO You also can call at this number Tel: +1 408-503-8000  
Customer: ok thanks will call now
Agent: You're welcome. Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: that is it today have a great day
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hey Kyle, how's it going?
Agent: Hi Louie, I'm doing well! How about yourself?
Customer: Doing well too! I'm trying to find a large batch of RAM for some servers my manager picked up Ideally all the same brand in 16 per server increments
Agent: Oh I see, are these Supermicro servers?
Customer: they are made by Gigabyte but I'm looking for 32GB 3200MHz modules Kinda hard finding something with 16 in stock
Agent: Understood. Let me check for you, how many were you looking for? oh 16?
Customer: I eventually need to get 80... but trying to break it into smaller orders
Agent: Makes sense. If we have more than the 16 initially, would you want more?  or 16 is fine for now? https://store.supermicro.com/32gb-ddr4-3200-mem-dr432l-sl05-er32.html We should have enough of this Samsung 32GB 3200MHz
Customer: good question, with the price think I can only order 16 at a time with my company card oh! taking a look
Agent: Sounds good
Customer: awesome, this should work great and looks like there's ~40 available
Agent: Yeah, if you need more, we can always request to check for availability But yeah, 40 for now
Customer: sounds good, this was easier than randomly checking product pages appreciate the help, Kyle!
Agent: You're welcome Louie!  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Should be good for now, I'll check in again when I need more
Agent: Sounds good, we'll be here It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: thanks man, have a good one!
Agent: Thanks! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Amarinder
Customer: hey, I noticed in SUM utility that some of my machines already have a OOB key installed but not activated. I don't know how to activate the key I get code 80 when I try to run some commands. Is it possible to get the keys installed and activate them with SUM?
Agent: Do you purchase the machine directly from our eStore?
Customer: i cannot buy from estore as I am in canada. however these keys were already installed by our local authorised reseller.
Agent: I see. You can follow this guide to activate your key
https://store.supermicro.com/software/software-license-key-activation-usage
Customer: however I don't know what the installed key is
Agent: In this case, you have to contact your sale rep to request the installed key. I'm sorry for this inconvenience
Customer: its not possible to activate the installed key?
Agent: You would need to know the key your resellers installed/ generate for your system to activate it. Or you can ask the to activate it for you
Customer: okay thanks
Agent: You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: no thats all
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Scott!
 What is the complete part number for your chassis please ?
Customer: read the message when I registered for chat, need correct P/N for SC113 Chassis Series
Agent: If you don't have the complete part number, please provide the serial number for the chassis/server.  Please see the Serial Number Guide. https://www.supermicro.com/en/support/rma/sn 
Customer: ok am no longer in that bld, also I have 3 SuperMicro 2012 Legacy Blade Servers with 24 2.5" disks built under OEM name if I get S/N should be able to locate manual, spare parts etc?
Agent: Is your server OEM server?
Customer: yes both are neither supported by Vendor, the Sc113 series is a 2019 server is almost new
Agent: I won't be able to tell the complete part number by the info you just provided unfortunately I can check the part number through the serial numbers but you are not able to get them ?
Customer: ok TY
Agent: Do you know which chassis it is ? https://www.supermicro.com/products/chassis/1U/index.cfm?chs=113&EOL=show We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hi, I placed an order for a rail kit last night with priority overnight shipping (paid as much for shipping as the rail kit itself!) but the order is still showing as "Processing"
Agent: Hi Evan What's the order#?
Customer: 1000024215
Agent: Ok thanks It was placed after our cut-off time for shipping overnight, but it will ship out today

https://www.fedex.com/fedextrack/?action=track&tracknumbers=540500973468&language=en&opco=FX&clientype=ivother
Customer: Okay, as long as it ships today. The fact it still showed "Processing" worried me
Agent: Yeah to be safe, ordering overnight by 3:30 PM PST is recommended, sorry about that. 
Customer: Thanks for the info!
Agent: You're welcome Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Nope, that's it
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Omar
Customer: Hello Mark I have this server and I want to find a compatible rail kit for it. Can you help?
Agent: Of course. Please give me second to find this.
Customer: Ok thanks
Agent: We have CSE-PT52L https://store.supermicro.com/1u-cse-pt52l.html
Customer: thanks!
Agent: Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Yes Do you accept tax exemption we are a tax free company
Agent: We do accept tax-exempt, but it would be applied after the purchase, not during the time of purchase.
In order to apply for tax exemption, you would need to provide a valid certificate, which you can send to eStore-support@supermicro.com along with your order number.
Your tax-exempt request will be processed after we have verified that the certificate is valid.
It usually takes up to 10 business days for the tax amount to return to your original form of payment.
Before submitting a request, please review the tax-exempt guide carefully. Incomplete or incorrect submissions will be rejected.
https://store.supermicro.com/tax-exemption-guide
You’ll only have to submit certificate once, after its validated we mark your account as tax exempt. You will have to let us every time you order to have your tax exempt refunded

Customer: Ok thanks
Agent: you're welcome
Customer: Can I pay with Paypal?
Agent: Supermicro eStore accepts Visa, MasterCard, and American Express. Please note: Must be a US-based credit/bank card with a billing address in the United States. US territories are not accepted even if it’s listed as an option.
Customer: I see
Agent: unfortunately no paypal
Customer: That's disappointing, but credit card it is If I order with overnight now, will I get it tomorrow
Agent: We also accept ACH
Customer: ok thank
Agent: As long as you place an order before 3:30pm, the order will be shipped out today
Customer: I'll probably stick with CC ah I missed it I'll just order tomorrow then
Agent: Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: Nope
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day!
Customer: Thanks you too! Goodnight Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Omar
Customer: What's the highest capacity drive that works on 6049P-E1CR60H ? Also is it SATA or SAS?
Agent: For this system it can be SAS3/SATA3. for capacity please give me moment to find this.
Customer: what's the default? SATA or SAS or both?
Agent: Please give me moment to find this for you Highest capacity drive it 3.5". The backplane for this system can take SAS3/SATA3.
Customer: how many TB? per drive is the most this system can support? i'm planning to use all 60 bay and want to use the highest capacity drive available
Agent: sorry for my confusion.  18TB
Customer: ok thanks
Agent: you're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: that's all thank you for your help Hello. How may I help you? Hi
Agent: Hi Erik
Customer: I would like to confirm that a AS -5014A-TT based system ordered through the store would ship in 3-5 days
Agent: Yes, it will be ship out in 3-5 business days
Customer: Assuming the configuration is in stock. The store mentioned that some quantities are not available
Agent: May I know which part alert are not available?
Customer: I wanted to was looking to order quantity of two systems and i got a warning
Agent: Can you please provide your full configuration?
Customer: We currently have "12" of the "64GB DDR4 3200MHz ECC RDIMM Server Memory" in stock, but we may have enough inventory to complete your order. Please contact us via "email or live chat"

We currently have "1" of the "120x120x25 mm, 6.4K RPM, Optional Fan for GS7 Project,RoHS" in stock, but we may have enough inventory to complete your order. Please contact us via "email or live chat"
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check the stock for you. 
Customer: Absolutely
Agent: Can you please try again? we already updated the inventory for both. Please let me know if you still get the same issue
Customer: Now it worked Thanks!
Agent: Great! You're welcome. 
Customer: is a quantity of 2 already discount worthy > ?
Agent: Unfortunately, we don't have any discount at the moment
Customer: I have a quote from an authorized reseller that is much cheaper for some reason but they claim supermicro will ship in 4-8 weeks
Agent: I see. If you purchase directly from our eStore. The system will be built and shipped within 3-5 days 3-5 business days
Customer: alright thanks for confirming ! The store doesn't have the option but are there 128 GB or 256GB DDR4 modules avaliable? i saw there are qualified parts on the mainboard website but the parts don't seem to exist anywhere or not available
Agent: We have those options for memory, but I will need to configure the system on my end and send the pre-config link to you  Do you want me to help you on that?
Customer: Do you have 8x 128 GB modules in stock ? ideally 16 for two systems
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: Please take your time
Agent: Yes, we do have enough inventory for 16 x 128 GB modules
Customer: wonderfull could you please help me with the preconfigured configuraton? Can be based on the one that I sent to you just with updated memory
Agent: Sure. I will working on your configuration now
Customer: Could you please den it to erik.lehmann@excellerix.com ? .. send it to
Agent: Suer. Thank you. I will send you a pre-config link to this email *Sure Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: Oh one more thing since its pre-configured would it be possible to include the rackmount option for the case MCP-290-00057-0N and MCP-290-GS706-0N if my information is correct
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  Can I get back to you on this question?
Customer: Sure
Agent: I'll need to check internally Thank you! Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: That would be all. Can I expect an email some time tomorrow?
Agent: Yes  I will try my best to email you as soon as possible
Customer: Thank you very much! Fantastic service!
Agent: You're welcome. 
Customer: Have a great rest of your day
Agent: Thank you. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Erik Lehmann left the following comment: Awesome help and very accommodating Hello. How may I help you? Hello, I am trying to place an order for 1 CSE-PT51L, but the website is not allowing me to. It said I had to email or live chat
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  Now it should have 1 available https://store.supermicro.com/1u-rail-kit-cse-pt51l.html
Customer: Awesome! Thank you so much for your help!
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Nope that was it, thank you again and Happy Firday!
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Friday
Agent: Thanks! 🙂

Customer: Kristina Moore left the following comment: Very helpful and fast! Hello. How may I help you? Hey Joe, good morning I placed an order yesterday, just wanted to check and see if the payment went through since the status has yet to change
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: perfect, thank you
Agent: 1000024219 went through. We are in the process getting your server assembled and tested before ship out. 
Customer: thats great
Agent: Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: No thats it, have a great day Joe
Agent: Thanks! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? X12SCZ-TLN4F I want this motherboard
Agent: Hi Patrick I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry any motherboards on our eStore. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Tracy
Customer: Hi Liz.  I believe I put together a cart.  Is everything in stock for my 5019C-MR Also how do i make sure that the TPM chips are installed
Agent: Unfortunately,I will need to recreate the pre-config link for you, since it has been a while Is this your previous quote that I sent to you?
Customer: Yes.  Will need two servers but will need to make sure that the components are in stock so that i can configure it and ship it to the client
Agent: I will need to create a pre-config link again for you since you need the TPM modules. FYI, our servers price went up from last week. Is that ok for you?
Customer: That would be fine
Agent: Thank you for confirming. Please give me a moment while I'm working on the pre-config for you.  I'm sorry can I confirm your configuration again?
You need:
1 intel e-2224G
2 x 8 GB DDR
2 x 480GB 2.5 PM883 SSD
1 x 2 rj45 gigabit ethernet
2x mcp-220-0043-on 3.5 to 2.5 converter tray
1 x windows 10 pro
1x TPM
1x supermicro rackmount kb and mouse combo

is that correct?
Customer: yes.  The drives would be RAID 1 If the processor is not in stock then go with 2276G
Agent: We have  e-2224G in stock and enough for 2 server
Customer: k
Agent: Ok. Can you please clear the cart and add the system to your cart again by this link?
https://store.supermicro.com/sys-5019c-mr-pre-config.html You should see the config as the picture above
Customer: when i click the link i get a different config
Agent: Is that show as the picture I sent above?
Customer: no.  i get an 8 core processor 32 GB ram and 1 drive
Agent: I'm sorry, it might be cached issue. Can you try this link? https://store.supermicro.com/sys-5019c-mr-pre-config.html?p=1
Customer: that worked
Agent: Great! Please double check the configuration and let me know if something wrong
Customer: it looks correct to me
Agent: Awesome!
Customer: if ordered today, when do you think I would get it
Agent: The system will be built and shipped within 3-5 days 3-5 business days * Next Friday I believed, if there is nothing wrong with the shipping carrier Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: is it possible to get it sent as a formal quote
Agent: Yes, I can help you for that There is a save quote selection in your cart Can I help you with anything else?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hi Kyle, i have an order that would like to place for 2 servers but have an ST-3 for tax exemption how do i get that information to you
Agent: Hi Tracy We do accept tax-exempt, but it would be applied after the purchase not during the time of purchase.

In order to apply for tax exemption, you would need to provide valid certificate, which you can send to eStore-support@supermicro.com along with your order number.

Your tax-exempt request will be processed after we have verified that the certificate is valid. 
It usually takes up to 10 business days for the tax amount to return back to your original form of payment.
  Before submitting a request, please review the tax exempt guide carefully.  Incomplete or incorrect submissions will be rejected.
https://store.supermicro.com/tax-exemption-guide
  Can I help you with anything else?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Steve
Customer: Hi Liz you sent me an email earlier...  can you help me with a credit card order, please
Agent: Yes, let me check for you
Customer: OK it is rejecting my card for a Bill to address and I corrected it and still would not take it
Agent: The transaction has been declined because your billing address is not match. It might be the 9 digits zip code mismatch issue Can you please check again with your bank for this issue?
Customer: yes, maybe..  cam you fix
Agent: You can check your billing address 9 digits zip code on your previous transaction with any online payment
Customer: the billing zip is 78758-1485 excuse me...  it is 78708-1485
Agent: Great! can you go to my account -> address book and edit your billing addess
Customer: can you fix that?
Agent: at the zip code area you should type full 9 digits 78708-1485 https://store.supermicro.com/customer/account/
Customer: I am in there...  where is my account
Agent: You can access this link https://store.supermicro.com/customer/address/edit/id/91571/
Customer: It is not letting me change the Bill to
Agent: Can you use this link to edit  the billing addresshttps://store.supermicro.com/customer/address/ https://store.supermicro.com/customer/address/
Customer: got it
Agent: Great!
Customer: your recommended Address is messing it up..
Agent: I'm sorry for this inconvenience. It should be like this
Customer: place order is greyed out
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: not working...  is there someone I can call  error:  Authorize.Net CIM Gateway: Transaction failed. The transaction has been declined because of an AVS mismatch. The address provided does not match billing address of cardholder.
OK
Agent: On my end, your zip code is 78758-3607. Do you select what we recommended?
Customer: yes and I defaulted to that because the machine would not let me move
Agent: Can you go to https://store.supermicro.com/customer/address/edit/ again? Edit billing address Type exactly as the picture above
Customer: that is wrong...  you have the bill to zip on the ship to address
Agent: May I know what is your billing address please?
Customer: PO Box 81485, Austin TX 78708
Agent: Oh I see. Your billing address and shipping address are different
Customer: Yes!!!
Agent: I see, can you please the same this picture?
Customer: Yes that is the bill to in the picture
Agent: I will need to white list your billing address. Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: OK whatever that is......
Agent: Your billing address already whitelist
Customer: so, what does that mean?
Agent: So, after you edit your billing address like this  hit save address button You should see this  Ok, next thing you have to do if it work
Customer: OK it seemed to work...shall I proceed with the order?
Agent: At the payment method after you select shipping methods Please uncheck the "My billing and shipping address are the same"
Customer: I did that let me try.....  stay tuned
Agent: ok You can use the or option to select the PO Box address Awesome! I saw your order went throught!!!
Customer: It finally worked.....!!!  thank you
Agent: Great!! You're welcome. 
Customer: are we all set for the next order?
Agent: Yeah, for the next order you only have to uncheck the My billing and shipping address are the same and select the PO box for billing address Order will be go throught
Customer: OK I got it....  thanks again and have a great weekend
Agent: You're welcome. Thank you!! It was nice talking to you. Have a great weekend, goodbye! 
Customer: good bye Steve McGovern left the following comment: great help Hello. How may I help you? How can I purchase an OBB software license with an Australian cred card?
Agent: Hi Steve I’m sorry, but our OOB license is only available for US-based customers (US billing address) to purchase. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy 
Customer: credit
Agent: Can I help you with anything else?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Steve Tester left the following comment: Thanks...:) Hello. How may I help you? Can I please cancel this order?
Agent: Hi Darren
Customer: Order #1000024246 Made about an hour ago
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: Thanks!
Agent: Can I confirm your billing address please?
Customer: 3401 Forest Trail Dr.
Bandera TX 78003
Agent: Thank you for the information Can you please confirm that you want to cancel the order 1000024246?
Customer: Yes, please cancel this order.
Agent: Thank you for confirming. I will cancel this order on my end.
Customer: Thanks Liz!
Agent: You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: No thanks. Have a great day!
Agent: Thank you. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi David ! 
Customer: Hi Joe, is there any chance to buy SYS-510T-ML in Switzerland? It looks like it is already released but nowhere listed to buy.
Agent: Have you checked with the resellers ? https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy
Customer: Yes, but no one listed this specific model.
Agent: I see. Can you please check with Sales-USA@supermicro.com
Customer: Yes I can - but since I am not in the US, I think they might not be able to help me. Thank you anyway
Agent: They will help you  to find a proper connection for you to purchase You're welcome. 
Customer: Ok - have a nice day
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? hello kyle, in the past days we configure a server with your help, my boss its asking only how many years do we have with supermicro warranty minimun?
Agent: Hi Juan Warranty is 3 years for server, 3 years for parts, and 1 year of cross—shipping. 
Customer: :) super OK can ypu confirm if SYS-5019C-M are availiable? we need 2 units so we can place order today
Agent: Yeah we should have 2 units available
Customer: do we have to buy in the store.supermicro and paid on it yes?
Agent: Yeah you can buy directly from our eStore as long as you have a US-credit card or ACH bank account transfer
Customer: yes we have bank of america, citi and other
Agent: Ok great
Customer: my last last question, on the SYS-5019C-M we have a pci express so i can install a sangoma Voip E1 card?
Agent: If it meets the PCI-e slot specifications/fits, it should be fine physically. We cannot guarantee the card itself will work 100% since we haven't validated on our end.  So as long as it can fit PCI-E 3.0 x16
Customer: PCI Express A101D-X i think it sposible, yes its a new card
Agent: Oh I see
Customer: thanks, we will proced with the estore and buy
Agent: Sounds good! 
Customer: I will come back later so yu can assit me please on a cluster for vmware with share storage and 3 server also to place order but first I will deliver to my boss the urgen t 2 server thanks Kyle for all your king help
Agent: Ok sounds good! You're very welcome!  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: no, I will buy now let you know later tahnks thanks
Agent: Np! It was nice talking to you. Feel free to contact us back if you have any more questions or issues. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Juan
Customer: hello liz, ggod day
Agent: Good day!
Customer: my boss German Romero with  login: gromero@atl-corp.com its going to place an order that Kyle (supermicro) help us can ypu please enable the account so we can make the paid
Agent: Sure. Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: thanks
Agent: The email gromero@atl-corp.com is enabled. Please log out and log back in before click on the pre-config link. Please let me know if you have any issues
Customer: wonderful, its working
Agent: Awesome!
Customer: the 2 server are in the shopping cart. My boss tell me to try to end the configuration of 3 more server and 1 storage. I will ask for help in a couple of minutes , i have some questions in total it will be 5 servers and 1 storage
Agent: Will 3 other servers have  the same configuration?
Customer: no, it will have vmware so they are much higher specs thats why I need to find the model first kyle told me to look on SYS-510P-WTR or other
Agent: oh. I see.
Customer: what model could on on stock for vmware use?
Agent: We have SYS-510P-WTR in stock currently
Customer: its a littlle cluster, the project dont have much budget of virtualization, but i will do my best to find a lite cluster with server and a little storage wonderfull
Agent: https://store.supermicro.com/sys-510p-wtr.html
Customer: and wat lite and cheap storage could be?
Agent: You can choose the HDD which price is cheaper than other types
Customer: what model could i use for shared storage? SAN
Agent: Can you please explain a little bit for this?
Customer: to conform a cluster on vmware , we use a shared storage that the 3 server can look through a FC (fiber channel card - HBA) and the storage also need FC ports for the server connection do supermicro have SAN models? or only NAS
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: thanks Liz
Agent: Here is some of the sample configuration for vSAN servers: https://www.supermicro.com/en/solutions/vmware-vsan The SYS-120U and 220U-TNR is the next generation for the  SYS-1029U-TN10RT and SYS-2029U-TN24R4T which appear in the link above Here is the link for SYS-220U-TNR https://store.supermicro.com/sys-220u-tnr.html?queryID=80088e69e60cd5ddfa6d4e77ec50fd61&objectID=2982&indexName=supermicro_default_products
Customer: what could be the most lite (cheaper) to start, so we can build the Vsan configuration
Agent: You can check the SYS-110P-WTR: https://store.supermicro.com/wio-server-1u-sys-110p-wtr.html?queryID=3b9de512c97eb8207a425e61c91d7d09&objectID=3047&indexName=supermicro_default_products and SYS-510P-WTR https://store.supermicro.com/sys-510p-wtr.html?queryID=d06a157455d5b7a7eda93723f95b1a5f&objectID=3046&indexName=supermicro_default_products
Customer: thanks liz i will check right now and return later to chat :)
Agent: Sound great! You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Ian
Customer: Hey Mark, I was wondering what the AS -5014A-TT has for a graphics card as a baseline? Also, I was curious what kind of warranty is on these custom build server machines?
Agent: Please give me a moment to look this up for you.
Customer: Sure thing
Agent: This system comes with onboard video, not GPU. For warranty, Supermicro provides a three-year warranty for labor and one-year warranty for parts. This limited warranty includes advance part replacement service covering a period of one year from Supermicro eStore invoice date.
Customer: Good to hear, also, do these setups come with any software preinstalled (including OS?) Just wondering what I would have to do on my end other than part selection.
Agent: Please give a moment to get you the correct information. So when you are building  your server on our eStore you can choose if you would want OS pre-installed. 
Customer: Ah alright, easy enough Well I believe that is all I have for questions at the moment, I appreciate the help Mark!
Agent: If you have any question or need help when you are building your server on eStore please feel free to contact us. It was nice talking to you. Have a wonderful day!
Customer: You as well! Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Lucky
Customer: I need 9 units of this server but finding it difficult getting the type of processor i want. I will need processors of about 40cores  per processor does that exist for this product pls?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: Ok thanks So here are the features I want: All flash storage, 40 core per process, 64GB RAM
Agent: I see, but unfortunately, the server SYS-2029U-TN24R4T only supports up to 28 core You also can check the information on our webpage https://www.supermicro.com/products/system/2U/2029/SYS-2029U-TN24R4T.cfm
Customer: Do u have an all flash disk server that support very high core processor? i have been looking thru the website and cant seem to find my requirement
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  You can check the SYS-120C-TN10R https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/system/cloud/1u/sys-120c-tn10r It can support up to 40 cores
Customer: great
Agent: Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: is it 4 nodes? and is it all flash storage?
Agent: It is 1 nodes and all flash storage
Customer: Do we have its equivalent of two 2u of two nodes or 4 nodes?
Agent: If you looking for multiple node storage, you should go with Blade servers 
https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/blade I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry any Blade servers on our eStore. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy  You also can check on Twin  https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/twin
Customer: I likw bigtwin does any of it support 40core processor?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/system/BigTwin/2U/SYS-220BT-HNC8R-US This bigtwin can support up to 40 cores
Customer: I am a cloud provider so I need a device with lots of cores to sell with virtual machines.
Agent: I see. You can contact our resellers or distributors for this the availability of Bigtwin 
https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy or our Sale team at Sales-USA@supermicro.com
Customer: I want to reduce my cost hence i have come online myself Cant I get the 9 units of bigtwin from supermicro directly?
Agent: Yes, you can contact our sale team at Sales-USA@supermicro.com. They can help you for this inquiry
Customer: Ok great Thks
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: That will be all
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Michael
Customer: Hi, Mark. It's looking like power supply PWS-920P-1R2 may now be discontinued. Is that correct? If so, do you have a replacement for PWS-920P-1R2?
Agent: It looks like it is currently out of stock.  Please give me moment to see i can get a inventory change or the ETA. How many do you planning to purchase?
Customer: Sorry, I don't know that answer. I'm helping a colleague and I failed to ask how many she needs. My gut tells me it's somewhere between 1 and 5.
Agent: I see. Please give me moment to check
Customer: Thank you, Mark. If Supermicro has a suggested replacement, I would be interested in that as well.
Agent: Since it hasn't been discontinued there is no replacement. I am checking for the ETA. This can take a couple hours to get the proper information. Is it okay if can email you once i get an update? Is the email michael.cummins@caemilusa.com best to reach you at?
Customer: Absolutely. Thanks for the help, Mark.
Agent: I'll email you once i receive any update.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: 👍 No, sir, that's it.
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: You too, Mark. Thanks again. Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: HI Ryan
Customer: Hi, I'm ordering for a registered 501c3 nonprofit, and it's an educational institution as well and I'm wondering how to apply the tax exemption to an order, and wondering if there are any educational discounts or similar
Agent: We do accept tax-exempt, but it would be applied after the purchase not during the time of purchase.

In order to apply for tax exemption, you would need to provide valid certificate, which you can send to eStore-support@supermicro.com along with your order number.

Your tax-exempt request will be processed after we have verified that the certificate is valid. 
It usually takes up to 10 business days for the tax amount to return back to your original form of payment.
  Before submitting a request, please review the tax exempt guide carefully.  Incomplete or incorrect submissions will be rejected.
https://store.supermicro.com/tax-exemption-guide
  Unfortunately, we currently don't have any discount 
Customer: Ok, this is very helpful.  Thank you!
Agent: You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: Is there a link to a more detailed explanation of warranty coverage?  I'm trying to compare the eStore to some other vendors in terms of coverage/terms/prices
Agent: Yes, you can take a look at this link https://www.supermicro.com/en/support/warranty For a server purchase from our eStore, the Warranty should be the 3 year labor, 3 year parts, 1 year cross shipment
Customer: Is it possible to get a 3-year advance part replacement coverage, or is it always 1-year and then beyond that dependent on parts and avaibility?
Agent: we're going to have extended warranty towards the middle of the month to enable 3 year of advance part replacement.
Customer: Ok; is that something that can be added on later after the system is purchased if needed? Or does that need to be set at time of purchase?
Agent: It have to be add at the time you purchase the server. FYI, the cost for it will be 15% the cost of the server.
Customer: Ok. Thanks again!
Agent: You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: Nope, that's it
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Ryan Hamilton left the following comment: Very direct and helpful Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Brent
Customer: SSG-6049P-E1CR60H shows out of stock. Will you get more? and any idea when?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  We should have it within 2 weeks
Customer: And is there a way to see the price with configurable options?
Agent: I can help you with the quote of your configuration. May I know your full configuration for this system?
Customer: 12 - 18TB Exos drives. 2 - 240GB SSD. 16GB x 2 3200 DIMM. 2 x 10GB SPF+ ethernet adapters.
Agent: Do you have any requirement for the CPUs?
Customer: 2 x Silver 4214R
Agent: Thank you for the information. Can I email you back via brent.adler@westjordan.utah.gov for the quote?
Customer: yes please
Agent: Thank you! FYI, we only accept credit cards (Visa, MasterCard, and American Express)/ACH Bank Account Transfer as a form of payment.
Customer: OK
Agent: Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: That's all. thanks
Agent: You're welcome.  I will email you with the quote shortly. 
It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? hi liz juan again jajajaja
Agent: Hi again Juan!
Customer: we are in the shipping cart but there its a TAX , and we have tax exemption how we proceed?
Agent: We do accept tax-exempt, but it would be applied after the purchase not during the time of purchase.

In order to apply for tax exemption, you would need to provide valid certificate, which you can send to eStore-support@supermicro.com along with your order number.

Your tax-exempt request will be processed after we have verified that the certificate is valid. 
It usually takes up to 10 business days for the tax amount to return back to your original form of payment.
  Before submitting a request, please review the tax exempt guide carefully.  Incomplete or incorrect submissions will be rejected.
https://store.supermicro.com/tax-exemption-guide
  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: no thanks we will place order now
Agent: Sound great! Please let us know if you need any assistance. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Hal
Customer: Can I order without any drives
Agent: please give me moment to check for this system. Unfortunately no. 
Customer: so I can order with one drive
Agent: Yes you can, at least one drive, one cpu,  one memory. 
Customer: what does that do to the warranty if I add more drives that I want.
Agent: 2 cpu sorry. The warranty stays the same.
Customer: If I ordered today what is the turnaround time in hand to deliver to San Antonio Tx 78253
Agent: We offer standard shipping (3-5 business days), expedited shipping (2 business days), overnight (next business day), priority overnight (by 10:30 am to most US addresses; by 5 pm to some remote areas; by noon on Saturdays).  depends on the shipping you choose. 
Customer: You say ships within 3-5 Business day and I assume that is free, so where is this shipment coming from how long will it be in route? what courier
Agent: It takes few days for production of the server. Once its fully produced then it would ship out. If you order today, it can be ready to ship out but the end of the week.
Customer: ok but it could take another week depending on where its coming from can you give me any idea how long it takes to get to San Antonio Texas?
Agent: We ship with FedEx. If you pick ground shipping you'll be receiving it at the earliest by middle of next week. 
Customer: Ok Thank you! Goodbye!
Agent: Hi Terry ! 
Customer: Hi Joe, I'm trying to build a NAS box and I've run into a problem I'm using H12SSW-INR as my motherbord I have an AMD Milan 7443P as my processor And I'm trying to use the slimsas I'm using CBL-SAST-0827 as my cable, but I'm not seeing the HDDs when I boot -over-
Agent: What is the cable connected to ?
Customer: The motherboard Jsum5 and Jsum7
Agent: What is the other side connected to ?
Customer: Seagate SATA HDDs
Agent: What drives do you use?
Customer: https://www.amazon.com/dp/B08K98VFXT?psc=1&ref=ppx_yo2_dt_b_product_details sixteen of them
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: sure.
Agent: I am trying to locate the Jsum5  and Jsum7 on motherboard as you mentioned. Can you specify where they are ?
Customer: see the manual, page 11, just to the right of the right bank of memory slots
Agent: Got it ! NVMe 8/9; SATA0-7  and NVMe 12/13; SATA8-15 Correct?
Customer: yes Note that the AMD 7443P has a special feature that the SATA processing can be done all in the CPU don't know if that matters, but I'm hoping that improves my performance
Agent: Can you see the drives in BIOS ?
Customer: no
Agent: Can I get back to you one this ? I want to check internally for your case
Customer: Yes. I'm at trj@cs.stanford.edu
Agent: Thanks! 
Customer: Thank you very much Joe!
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: nope -- I'm kinda stuck
Agent: I will email you as soon as I get some answers It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Thanks again! Goodbye. Hello. How may I help you? Hello Kyle may i ask when is this back in stock? Supermicro 500W 1U Multi-Output Power Supply (PWS-505P-1H)
Agent: Hi Hendy Let me check for you
Customer: ty
Agent: How many were you looking for?
Customer: i am looking for 9
Agent: I can try to request for 9 pcs but no guarantees we'll even get any stock. I'll email you back once I get an update. 
Customer: will do thank you! i think i talked to you last montha nd you mention to check again in MArch
Agent: you're welcome! yeah it doesn't look like they're in stock yet, but I'll check again with our PM
Customer: ok ty do you have my email?
Agent: htjaja@outwardinc.com?
Customer: yes please
Agent: ok got it. Will send as soon as I get an update
Customer: ty!
Agent: Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: nope thats all ty!
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Lorenzo  !
Customer: Hi Joe how can I purchase the OOB in Italy ?
Agent: You can contact resellers for OOB purchase  https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy
Customer: may I buy right now on the web site?
Agent: I am sorry our system only allows the credit card payment that has an US billing address tied to it . If you have a credit card that was issued in the US and the has an US billing address tied to it, you can purchase OOB through  https://store.supermicro.com/out-of-band-sft-oob-lic.html
Customer: thanks a lot
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? do you have these in stock?
Agent: Hi Pavan
Customer: I jsut placed an order for a cable and would like to add this to that hello Kyle
Agent: For AOC-SLG3-2M2? We don't carry any Add-On Cards on the eStore unfortunately so you'll have to check with our resellers/distributors: https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy or with our Sales team at Sales-USA@supermicro.com
Customer: ok thanks
Agent: you're welcome Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: that is it for today you have a great rest of the day
Agent: Ok sounds good! Thank you! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: btw will my order ship today> 1000024269
Agent: It should be let me check Thanks for waiting, my system was taking a bit long Yeah its been processed and should ship later today
Customer: greta thanks
Agent: Np!  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: that is it for today
Agent: Ok sounds good. Take care again, goodbye and have a great day!
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Richard
Customer: I want to upgrade my server
Agent: Sure! May I know which server do you want to upgrade?
Customer: c813m0a5m20387
Agent: I'm sorry, I cannot find any information about c813m0a5m20387 on my end. Can you please provide the serial number of your server?  You can follow the picture above for the server serial number.
Customer: c813m0a51m20387
Agent: Thank you! Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: missed one #
Agent: This is the serial number of your chassis, and its part number is CSE-813MTQ-520CB May I know which part do you want to upgrade?
Customer: ok I want to run vmware esxi 7 you tell me what i need
Agent: Do you happen to know your Supermicro motherboard serial number? https://www.supermicro.com/en/support/rma/sn You can find the serial number of your motherboard from this link at motherboard section
Customer: x8dtl-if
Agent: Thank you. Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: ok
Agent: Unfortunately, your system is too old. I will need to check internally for this. Can I email you back via usnavy_dan@yahoo.com?
Customer: yes please do I am ready to buy
Agent: I just checked with my supervisor for this. You should buy a new server to use vmware esxi 7.
Customer: can i not use this chassis
Agent: I'm afraid that you have to buy a complete new system since the 4 generation  is too old. We would recommend getting a new systems because the older systems may not have enough cooling for the newer motherboard/CPU
Customer: really? Liz so you have a 1U with better cooling?
Agent: Yes, I recommend the SYS-510T-ML
 https://store.supermicro.com/mainstream-1u-sys-510t-ml.html?queryID=9796bb18a4a5509c746efcd06fa139c9&objectID=3256&indexName=supermicro_default_products Which is compatible with vmware esxi 7 You also can check other servers that also compatible with the VMware esxi7 here https://www.vmware.com/resources/compatibility/search.php?deviceCategory=server&details=1&partner=105&releases=578,518,508,448&page=1&display_interval=500&sortColumn=Partner&sortOrder=Asc Please select 'product release version' - ESXi 7.0 
Customer: Are these already configured?
Agent: For the SYS-510T-ML, you can configure it by yourself or I can help you on that
Customer: ok do it for me im lazy
Agent: May I know your requirement configuration for this system?
Customer: I dont understand
Agent: Please tell me what else you are looking for in terms of # of CPUs, core count, RAM, drive capacity,  what type and how many drives each you're looking for, any AOC, network, etc.
Customer: I want to run at least 1000 vm about 24 core 128ram 4 ssd or hdd 10k rpm 1tera whatever is cheapest 10gig net
Agent: Thank you. The Supermicro 1U WIO SuperServer (SYS-110P-WTR) will fit your requirement. It's also compatible with the VMWare eSXi 7.0 https://store.supermicro.com/wio-server-1u-sys-110p-wtr.html
Customer: do i still need to configure it at that price or is it ready to go
Agent: I'm working on your configuration. I just let you know that I will need to change the system SKUs to meet your requirement
Customer: Liz wouldn't it be cheaper to get me all the parts and I'll put them in my current chassis
Agent: You can use if you want, but we don't recommend it since it's going to be hot and also the motherboard of this system hasn't been tested with your chassis. 
Customer: which is less expensive?
Agent: Getting the part would be cheaper, but the warranty may be a concern for you. If you purchase a complete server from our eStore, the warranty should be the 3 year labor, 3 year parts, 1 year cross shipment
Customer: ok configure it for me and email me with the price. then send me the price for the parts to upgrade my chassis
Agent: Can I asked how many modules do you want for the memory?
Customer: 128 gb
Agent: just 1 x 128GB memory?
Customer: ddr4 ecc how many can it take
Agent: The motherboard can take up to 8 DIMMS I can configure it total 128GB 
Customer: you are the pro what do you suggest?
Agent: 4 x 32GB $200+ cheaper than 1 x 128GB
Customer: okay save me money you have to be cheaper than dell
Agent: ok. I will work on your configuration and email you as soon as possible for the price Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: add rails as well
Agent: The system on our eStore is included rails 
Customer: great
Agent: you don't need to purchase it
Customer: ok email me
Agent: Sure. I will  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: no
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hi, Joe. Liz helped me a couple weeks ago with an order Order #1000024143 I didn't realize that I'd selected to not use the ultra networking slot, so the 1g ports are in slot 1.
Agent: Can you explain a bit more what you are asking about ?
Customer: the 2xrj45 ports are in slot 1 instead of slot 0 can i order something to get them into slot 0?
Agent:   One moment
Customer: thank you!
Agent: Let me look into your configuration and get back to you on this So you want to change the AOC from slot 1 to slot 0, or you just simply want to purchase another network card and install in in slot 0?
Customer: i'm fine with purchasing another card that can fit in slot 0
Agent: Do you have a preferred spec for the AOC in slot 0 ?
Customer: RJ45 1g is fine, but anything is acceptable
Agent: Got it ! I will email you as soon as I pull out your configuration in system
Customer: thank you!
Agent: Is josh@pntfin.com the best email to reach you ?
Customer: yes. perfect. thanks, joe!
Agent: You're welcome. Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: nope. that is it. have a good day!
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hi  I like to know if the Micron (MTA36ASF4G72PZ-2G9E2) is compatible with  the X10DRL-I mainboard
Agent: Hi Max, let me check
Customer: ok I would like to mount 4pcs to have 128gb total
Agent: It is not validated, the only 32GB that are compatible are 2666 https://store.supermicro.com/32gb-ddr4-2666-mem-dr432l-cl03-er26.html Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: are these dual rank?
Agent: Yeah they are, it's 2Rx4
Customer: the 2933Mhz are not validated but could they still work?
Agent: We cannot guarantee it will work so you'd use at own risk There is a 16GB 3200Mhz available too, but no 32GB that has been validated.  https://store.supermicro.com/16gb-ddr4-3200-mem-dr416l-hl02-er32.html If you wanted 32GB, I'd stick with the 2666 option just to be safe
Customer: ok
Agent: Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: no thanks, bye from Italy 🙂
Agent: You're welcome! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Max left the following comment: Good support! Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Antonio
Customer: hi liz hablas español i need a quotation?
Agent: May I know what product are you looking for the quotation? I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry any AOC and SSD drives on our eStore. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.
https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy  For HDD quote you can use this form to file all the HDD skus https://store.supermicro.com/quote You can add another SKUs for multiple SKUs quote Our quote agent will email you back shortly Please note, we only sell and ship within the US in the moment Please check with our resellers and distributors if you are outside of the United State. https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy
Customer: thanks I look forward to receiving your mail
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: no, thanks
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Fredrik
Customer: Do you ship to Sweden? I can't find Sweden when I enter the country.
Agent: Unfortunately No, Supermicro currently only ships within the United States. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.
https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy

Customer: Ok thanks
Agent: Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: no
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? are these are in stock ? CBL-PWEX-0792
Agent: Hi Edgar Let me check for you  We have these cables available. How many were you looking for?
Customer: 100-500pcs
Agent: Not sure we can support that quantity, but I can check. Currently, there are 14 available right now. I'll have to get back to you via email once I get an update. Would 100-200 pcs be ok initially?
Customer: yes
Agent: Alright, I will request for 200 pcs and if I get rejected, I'll try for 100 pcs
Customer: ok i'll buy the 14pcs for now
Agent: Ok sounds good.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: thats all thank you
Agent: You're welcome! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Edgar
Customer: im placing  an order but its charging me tax
Agent: Do you ask for the tax-exempt? We do accept tax-exempt, but it would be applied after the purchase not during the time of purchase.

In order to apply for tax exemption, you would need to provide valid certificate, which you can send to eStore-support@supermicro.com along with your order number.

Your tax-exempt request will be processed after we have verified that the certificate is valid. 
It usually takes up to 10 business days for the tax amount to return back to your original form of payment.
  Before submitting a request, please review the tax exempt guide carefully.  Incomplete or incorrect submissions will be rejected.
https://store.supermicro.com/tax-exemption-guide
 
Customer: i did already
Agent: I'm sorry that we currently do not deduct tax exempt automatically You would need to provide valid certificate, which you can send to eStore-support@supermicro.com along with your order number for everytime request the tax-exempt I'm so sorry for this inconvenience
Customer: ok will do again
Agent: Thank you so much for your understand Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: thanks all
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Scott
Customer: Hello, I recently purchased two of theSYS-5019P-MTR with the optional 10G SR/1000 BASE-SX module and I am trying to identify the correct SFP (optics) part number, so that I can order 4
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: Thank you.
Agent: The part number is AOM-TSR-FS -Supermicro 10G/1G Ethernet 10GBase-SR/SW 1000Base-SX Dual Rate SFP+ 850nm LC Transceiver 
https://store.supermicro.com/aom-tsr-fs.html?queryID=5b4ed26d68eb0ef0ececae66ea4b6103&objectID=932&indexName=supermicro_default_products
Customer: ok perfect, thank you
Agent: You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: that should be all, thanks again
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: take care Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Matthew
Customer: Hello Mark We received our server today and the bios is not recognizing 4 of the 8 drives installed Tried moving some around, same issue, only the first 4 installed are recognized
Agent: what is your motherboard number? and order number?
Customer: Supermicro XDDW-L Order # 1000024219 bios version is 3.5
Agent: please give me a moment to look for this.
Customer: sure thing
Agent: In the order 1000024219, I only see one SSD was intalled
Customer: Yes, but we have drives installed in the bays currently 12 TB drives, 8 of them
Agent: i see. what drives are trying to install?
Customer: trying to get your exact model WD121PURP I enabled a few settings in the bios myself, ssata wasn't enabled no dice
Agent: i see. Please bear with me while i look into this.
Customer: sure The bios doesn't doesn't appear to be recognizing the m.2 drive either
Agent: The hard drives you have aren't validated with them systems and that's why i might not be recognizing them. I can provide you with 12TB that are validated for this system. 
Customer: it would cause only half to be recognized? for RAID specifically
Agent: I can't give you an exact answer why it's only recognizing half due to the drives not being validated. 
Customer: understood, I will continue to troubleshoot on my own
Agent: You can go on https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/system/2U/6029/SYS-6029P-WTR.cfm click on drive options and you can find validated drives for this server. Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: nope
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hey there joe I have a SYS-5049A-T chassis, if you look at the parts included Drive Tray(s)	MCP-220-00193-0N	8	2.5"/3.5" 2-in-1 HDD tray those are not 2.5" trays what tras are necessary to be able to run 2.5" Drives so far I have found this " MCP-220-00080-0B" which I am 90%sure is correct
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  	MCP-220-00193-0N can work with 2.5'' as well 3.5''drives
Customer: how? there is no adapter
Agent: Does it look like this ?
Customer: no it has the yellowish plastic just a dummy plastic tray holder  I can provide you a serial number if that helps
Agent: This is how MCP-220-00193-0N should look like, I am not sure why you got a different one Where did you purchase the server from ?
Customer: Serial number S370887X1612513 ASI Canada
Agent: You will need to check with the ASI in this case
Customer: okay, however can you confirm that MCP-220-00080-0B will work https://store.supermicro.com/mcp-220-00080-0b.html
Agent: MCP-220-00080-0B is not in the validated list for your server therefore I can't guarantee it will worl work*
Customer: Hmmm yeah I seen that.. well thank you for your help Joe, is there a reason why it is not validated?
Agent: You're welcome. If MCP-220-00080-0B this sku is not created for the chassis you are using, then it will not work. 
Customer: ah okay I see, have a great rest of your day :)
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Rodrigo
Customer: Hi, fine thanks for asking I hope you too
Agent: I am doing great. Thank you for asking!
Customer: I am finding model of servers with 4 nodes for our branches in Houston and LA we saw that there is this model 6028tr-htr but we are opened to consider other alternatives our problem (as most of customers) is the delivery time we would like to know what kind of servers with 4 nodes are available to be delivered in one week
Agent: • All of our configurations has been fully validated by our Supermicro system lab.
• We offer free shipping for all server orders. (limited time only)
• We offer blazing fast turnaround time 2-3 business days if you purchase something via our eStore configurator.
• Warranty is 3 years for server, 3 years for parts, and 1 year of cross—shipping. (limited time only)
• We may have more storage capacity on our eStore. (Please contact me if you don’t see any capacity available)  I see i can help you out with this 
Customer: ok,  perfect I am waiting to be allowed to see the servers in the e-store I have just sent my Name, email, and interested model do you know how long it takes?
Agent: Please give me a moment to see .
Customer: thanks!
Agent: We don't carry any 4 node on our eStore only single node.  Please register an account and let me know your email address. https://store.supermicro.com/customer/account/create/ if you are interested in looking what we have on eStore
Customer: thanks a lot, I have just completed the process, my email address is rsedano@gmv.com
Agent: please give us a moment  You can access our System tab now once you log out and log back in. https://store.supermicro.com/customer/account/login/
Customer: thanks I am in Thanks for your assistance
Agent: awesome! Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: Nothing else, I will check the estore thanks and nice day!
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? hi
Agent: Hi Antonio !
Customer: the parts t the items that you sell are new or refurbished
Agent: All the items on eStore are brand new 
Customer: ok perfect thanks
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: no is all
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Jamahl
Customer: what kind of rackmount kit would I need for the product I listed
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  You can use the MCP-290-10110-0B - CSE-101F Rackmount kit I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry that product on our eStore. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy 
Customer: ok thanks
Agent: You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: nope thats all
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hi Joe, I am looking to purchase a desktop workstation. I am interested in the AS-5014A-TT But on the online configurator i keep getting this error:  
"MCP-220-73102-0N" is out of stock I am trying to add a SSD to my build
Agent: I see Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: sure thanks!
Agent: Do you have an idea how many MCP-220-73102-0N you need for your configuration ?
Customer: actually this is my first time buying from supermicro so I do not even know what exactly that accessory is
Agent: Can you show me the screenshot talking about MCP-220-73102-0N is out of stock ? How many SSD are you looking to add ? I see
Customer: Just 1 of the "960GB 2.5" D3-S4610 SATA 6Gb/s Solid State Drive"
Agent: Can you try again? It should work now
Customer: it still gives the same error. I am trying to add it under the "Main Storage" and not "Internal"
Agent: Can you send me your configuration ? I would like to duplicate the case on my end
Customer: it allows me to add the SSD when I select "Internal storage" and not "Main storage". What is the difference between internal and main?
Agent: One moment Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: sure
Agent: The main one should be the 4 drive bays on the bottom right The internal ones are the ones on the top right
Customer: i see so the adapter to fit a 2.5" in the 3.5" slot is not available currently?
Agent: Correct. Can I get back to you in about an hour? I will get the tray for you Is skj54321@gmail.com the best email to reach you ?
Customer: okay no worries, yes that is a good email
Agent: Thanks! Sorry for the inconvenience ! I will email you as soon as the tray is ready for you Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: no worries! I only have one more question
Agent: Yes
Customer: I want 128 GB DRAM. For this motherboard which config will give me better performance: 8x16GB DIMM OR  4x32GB DIMM
Agent: I see you chose 8 of the 16G. Does that meet your requirement ?
Customer: yes but should I choose 4 of the 32G?
Agent: I recommend to choose 32G so in the future you can expand better if you need 
Customer: i see, okay thanks for your help!
Agent: You're welcome.  I will email you soon once the tray is ready for you Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: no that is all, thanks!
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: thanks you too! Sam J left the following comment: great experience! Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Erick! 
Customer: Hi Can you help me check the stock availability of this part PWS-711-1R?
Agent: Sure, may I know where you are located?
Customer: I am making the quotation from mexico but if the purchase is made it will be delivered in BERKELEY LAKE GA USA.
Agent: We only sell and ship within the US. Will you be able to do that ?
Customer: No hay problema, solo estamos cotizando aquí en Mexico pero la compra ya se realizaría en nuestras instalaciones de USA No problem, we are only quoting here in Mexico but the purchase would already be made in our US facilities.
Agent: I see How many PWS-711-1R are you looking for ?
Customer: For the moment 50 pieces
Agent: Are you looking for a quote only ?
Customer: Yes, can you help me?
Agent: Can you please fill out this form and get a quote from there ?https://store.supermicro.com/quote#PWS-711-1R
Customer: thank you, but can you help me if the part is in stock?
Agent: You're welcome.  They are in stock for now.
Customer: Ok, Do you have the 50 pieces I need?
Agent: That will depends on the time when you purchase. For now we do have 50 Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: thank you very much, then I will send the quotation, 
by the way, is there a way to quote different parts at the same time?
Agent: yes  What are the parts are you looking for a quote ?
Customer: •	SNK-P0038P	
•	CBL-0099	
•	CBL-0234L	
•	MCP-210-82601-0B	
•	MCP-290-00061-0N	
•	CBL-0281L-01	
•	CBL-0118L-02	
•	BPN-SAS-216A	
•	CBL-0309L-CI025	
•	PWS-711-1R 
•	AOC-E10GSFPSR	
•	CBL-0347L	
•	CBL-0348L	
•	CBL-0349L	
•	MCP-290-00053-0N	
•	MCP-220-00047-0B
Agent: I see What you can do is clicking the "Request quote for volume discount" on the eStore product page  And it will bring you to get a quote
Customer: but only allows you three pieces
Agent: I see  Maybe you can get 3 quotes at the same time and request more through email when you get a quote
Customer: Ok, then I send the mail, sorry could you help me verifying if I can get 50 pieces of each?
Agent: Please fill out the form and have the team to check for you then
Customer: ok, thank you very much for your time, I appreciate your attention.
See you soon.
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Erick left the following comment: Nice Hello. How may I help you? it is doing it again....  credit card biil to is getting in the way of completing the transaction...
Agent: Hi Steve Let me check what's going on
Customer: HI Kyle
Agent: Your order is being declined due to the address provided not matching the billing address tied to the credit card (address on the billing statement). Can you please verify if 1807 W Braker Ln is the billing address of this credit card?
Customer: NO 1807 W braker ln is the ship to
Agent: Ok, you will have to uncheck the Shipping address is the same as billing address checkbox
Customer: I did that
Agent: Uncheck it and then enter the billing address manually or if you have a saved one, you can use that as well If you’re still having issues changing your billing address, please follow the next steps:

1)	Once you have your shipping address entered and have chosen your shipping method, proceed to the payment method section. 
2)	Uncheck the “My billing and shipping address are the same” box 
3)	From there, you can select to add the new address, which you can enter the billing address.
 
Customer: so, start over is what you are saying?
Agent: If the shipping address is correct, all you need to do on the billing address page is uncheck "My billing and shipping address are the same" checkbox and enter the correct billing address. Ok I see your order now Looks good
Customer: OK I went back to shipping and proceeded and it wne though...  I am done order is placed
Agent: Yeah you're good to go!
Customer: thank you for your help!
Agent: You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Nope...  I am gone! and good to go!
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: you too!! Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Adriano
Customer: 
hello do you sell to deliver to brazil?
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, our Supermicro eStore currently only ships within the United States. 
Customer: ok.
Agent: Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: no ,thanks.
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Sam
Customer: Hi! I am using the online configurator for system AS -5014A-TT i wanted to know if it was possible to get a RTX 3060 with this machine since my workload does not require enterprise grade GPU I see that SuperMicro has an option to choose the RTX 3060 for the Gaming Desktop SKU
Agent: I see. Please give me a moment to check for this. 
Customer: thanks!
Agent: This system hasn't been validated with RTX 3060 only with 3090 
Customer: ah i see, in that case can the RTX 3090 be added to the online configurator?
Agent: Please bear with me for a few more minutes while I check for you. 
Customer: no worries thanks!
Agent: Can I have your full pre-config for this server, please?
Customer: sure just a moment while i download it
Agent: Thank you! This is going to take me some time to get you pre-configuration link. It is okay if i email once i have it all done?
Customer: yes no problem! Thank you!
Agent: Is the email skj54321@gmail.com best to reach you at?
Customer: yes
Agent: I'll email once i have it fully done.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: thank your for your help, no that is all
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: thanks you too! Sam J left the following comment: great service! Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Darryl!
Customer: need price for this part 
AOC-2UR6N4-i4XT
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry AOC on our eStore. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi David
Customer: Hi Liz.  I wanted to make sure my ACH payment was working properly on my order and if yes, I wanted to use the credentials for additional orders, but it looks like I will have to verify it each time?
Agent: May i know your order number, please?
Customer: 1000024230 I was able to enter the amounts, and it said it was approved, but it still mentions it in the pending order status, so I'm just making sure.
Agent: Yes, it is working properly. You would need to verify onece What would you like to purchase for the next order?
Customer: I'll have to build it again, I'm not sure of stock levels
Agent: I would expect payment to clear by the end of the week and we will build the system after the payment has been cleared. You don't need to verify again. I can help you with the stock level.
Customer: If I put it in my cart, can you see it?
Agent: Unfortunately, I cannot You can try to add to cart after configure the system and let me know which component is alert
Customer: Doing that now
Agent: If you can add it successfully, it should be good to go
Customer: We currently have "8" of the "16GB DDR4 3200MHz ECC UDIMM Server Memory" in stock, but we may have enough inventory to complete your order. Please contact us via "email or live chat" We currently have "4" of the "MCP-220-00051-0N - 2.5" Fixed HDD/SSD Bracket (Required Accessory)" in stock, but we may have enough inventory to complete your order. Please contact us via "email or live chat" That's with a qty of 5 I can drop to 4
Agent: Which server are you configuring now?
Customer: SYS-510T-ML 	
Supermicro 1U Mainstream SuperServer (SYS-510T-ML)
(Ships within 3-5 business days)

CPU
1 x Intel® Xeon® E-2388G Processor 8-Core 3.2GHz 16M Cache (95W)
$657.00
Memory
2 x 16GB DDR4 3200MHz ECC UDIMM Server Memory
$104.00
Storage
SSD 1 x 240GB 2.5" D3-S4610 SATA 6Gb/s Solid State Drive (3 x DWPD)
$249.00
Networking
1 x 2 RJ45 1GbE LAN Ports
$0.00
1 x Supermicro 1-Gigabit (4x RJ45) Ethernet Network Adapter
$244.35
Accessory
1 x MCP-220-00051-0N - 2.5" Fixed HDD/SSD Bracket (Required Accessory)
$8.70
1 x Supermicro Rackmount Keyboard and Mouse Combo (Included)
Agent: Thank you. Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: ok thanks
Agent: I just updated the inventory for memory and bracket. Can you please try to add 5 again to cart?
Customer: worked
Agent: Awesome!
Customer: ok, hang on, let me try ACH again
Agent: Sure, please let me know if you have any issues
Customer: Ok, it's asking for the account numbers, etc.. again.  is that ok?
Agent: Yes, it's ok. You just don't have to verify it again
Customer: Ok, order placed! 1000024302
Agent: Great! Yeah, I see your order went through
Customer: Ok, cool.  Thanks for you help!
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Unless you can fix the supply chain, I don't think so :D
Agent: Well, that is what I couldn't help. Thank you for purchasing with us. If there is anything you needs please feel free to contact us.
Customer: Will do!  Thanks!
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: David Elliott left the following comment: Liz was great! Hello. How may I help you? Is there a Part: CBL-NTWK-0826  ?
Agent: Hi Blair
Customer: Hi Kyle
Agent: That part does exist, but we just don't carry it so you'll have to check with our distributors: https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy
Customer: OK - thanks
Agent: You're welcome Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: No thanks
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Melville
Customer: Hello: Melville here. Attempting to order some SATA cables for a server we're building. The eStore said to open a chat with you guys to see if there is enough stock. 

We need 9 cables.

The Part # is:  CBL-0207L

Description: Supermicro SATA Round Straight-Straight with Latch Connections 59cm Cable
Agent: Sure, let me check for you. 
Customer: Thanks Sir.
Agent: We currently don't have enough 9 available, but we can transfer more stock for you. It would take some hours to complete. Can I email you back via mel@kristinedittmer.com when the stock is ready?
Customer: No problem Liz. Sounds good. 

Thank you for the assistance.

Do you know whether I will be able to place the order tonight, or tomorrow morning. I'm on shift here until about 9:00 PM eastern time.
Agent: I cannot tell exactly when the stock is ready, but the best might be tomorrow though.  I will email you when the stock is ready
Customer: Thanks!
Agent: You're welcome. 
Customer: Can you check stock on another number?
Agent: Sure, I can help you with that
Customer: OK. Let me grab that number. Part #: CBL-0206L

Description: Supermicro SATA Round Straight-Straight with Latch Connections 48cm Cable.
Agent: The stock for CBL-0206L is available. How many do you want?
Customer: Don't know yet. Will know by tomorrow morning. Most likely 4.
Agent: Sound great. We should have enough stock for CBL-0206L
Customer: Roger that Liz. Thanks for the assist, and I'll keep an eye out for your email.
Agent: You're welcome. I will email you as soon as the stock comes back Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: I think we're good for now Liz. Thanks.
Agent: No problem. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi David
Customer: Supermicro (Hynix) 32GB 288-Pin DDR4 2933 (PC4-23400) Server Memory (MEM-DR432MD-EU29) need 2 ASAP
Agent: please give me a moment to look for you.  I see. there isn't currently enough on eStore for two but i can request for inventory. Please bear with me for few seconds There should be enough for your order for Supermicro (Hynix)  (MEM-DR432MD-EU29) https://store.supermicro.com/32gb-ddr4-2933-mem-dr432l-hl01-eu29.html Can you try the link i sent you and let me know if it worked?
Customer: out of stock
Agent: can you try https://store.supermicro.com/32gb-ddr4-2933-mem-dr432l-hl01-eu29.html?p=1 Did the new link work?
Customer: yes, ordering now
Agent: Awesome! Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: Thanks, and I am all set
Agent: You're welcome! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? How soon can I get 50 of this heat sink
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  I will need to make an inventory transfer request and email you when the stock is ready. It usually takes 4-5 hours Do you want me to make a request ?
Customer: so does this mean in 4-5 hours I can order this heat sink??  And what is the price?
Agent: Usually it takes 4-5 hours Please get a quote through this link for the price info https://store.supermicro.com/quote#SNK-P0077P
Customer: If I order these today when will they ship?
Agent: If you place an order before 3:30 pm, then the order will be shipped out today Do you want me to make a request or you want to decide after you get a quote for 50 pcs ?
Customer: I will decide after I get the quote for the 50 pieces
Agent: Sounds good
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hey Kyle. I cannot get a password reset link nor can I get a verification link when creating a new account
Agent: Hi Cody Did you check your spam/junk folder?
Customer: absolutley
Agent: If so, maybe you have a email/spam filter company wide that may be holding it too.  I did resend a confirmation email to you 
Customer: I will check the filter
Agent: Ok sounds good. If you're still having issues, please let us know again. 
Customer: Yeah we do not have a filter on this domain
Agent: Just to make sure, anderson@maculanetworks.com is the correct email address?
Customer: Yes. I was trying to reset accounts@maculanetworks.com but never got a link for the pass if finally came through
Agent: ohh just took awhile  so you're able to confirm now?
Customer: I finally got into my original account.. accounts@maculanetworks.com I am using it now
Agent: ok great! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: That will be all thank you
Agent: You're welcome! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Same to you Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Hal
Customer: Is Rackmountnet.com an authorized distributor of Supermicro Parts?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  I'm sorry I cannot find the link you said above
Customer: www.rackmountnet.com I am on their website now and they have a lot of Supermicro parts listed for sale. click on link above
Agent: Thank you for your information. Unfortunately, They are not distributor of us. Please check our resellers and distributors at this link https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy I strongly suggest to check the lead time with our distributors because the lead time for a lot of our servers and chassis are really far out
Customer: Ok thanks! Goodbye!
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hi Mark
Agent: Hi David
Customer: I'm getting an error for shipping when I try to check out "
Sorry, no quotes are available for this order at this time"
Agent: what product are you trying to buy?
Customer: it's on the page : 

"Internal Error. Details are available in Magento log file. Report ID: webapi-622a44b2ba235" I have 4 SYS-5109P-MR in my card *cart
Agent: Please give me a moment to look into this. I am going have to check internally for this, it can take awhile is it okay if i email you back? Is the email dave.elliott@linewize.com best reach you at? Can I get your full configuration for these systems?
Customer: Supermicro 1U Mainstream SuperServer (SYS-5019P-MR)
(Ships within 3-5 business days)
Qty4
$21,709.76
View Details
CPU
1 x Intel® Xeon® Gold 6240R Processor 24-Core 2.40 GHz 35.75MB Cache (165W)
Memory
2 x 64GB DDR4 2933MHz ECC RDIMM Server Memory
Storage
SSD 1 x 480GB 2.5" PM883 SATA 6Gb/s Solid State Drive (1.3 x DWPD)
Networking
1 x Supermicro 10-Gigabit (2 x 10G SFP+) Ethernet Network Adapter
1 x 2 RJ45 1GbE LAN Ports
Accessory
1 x Supermicro Rackmount Keyboard and Mouse Combo (Included)
1 x MCP-220-00043-0N - 3.5" to 2.5" Converter Drive Tray (Required Accessory)
Agent: Please give a moment to look into this.
Customer: Thanks
Agent: Please bear with me for a few more minutes In which step in check is this message appearing at? check out* Hi Sean! 
Customer: hello
Agent: Are you looking for a rail set for CSE-826 chassis ?
Customer: exactly - i think i found what i need but need to make sure
Agent: What is the complete part number for your chassis or server?
Customer: mcp-290-0053-0n where is the sticker for that?  there are multiple would it start with c826
Agent: The sticker actually shows the serial number which will work for me as well Please see the Serial Number Guide. https://www.supermicro.com/en/support/rma/sn 
Customer: s12698924419486
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  Please bear with me for a few more minutes while I check for you. 
Customer: np
Agent: Can I get back to you on this ? MCP-290-00053-0N might work but I want to double check to make sure Is stabar14@gmail.com the best email to reach you ?
Customer: sure.  also, is there a hardware kit for mobo installation
Agent: We don't have something like that for motherboard installation
Customer: ok.  just saw that the mobo standoffs were different that what i may have lying around  i can make something work
Agent: I see. Sounds good Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: no that should be it.  just ready to order the rails so i can get this where it needs to go
Agent: I see. I will email you as soon as I can
Customer: much appreciated
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Kyle where is Liz
Agent: Hi Richard Let me check if she's available. Otherwise, I can help you as well. 
Customer: ok Liz transferred the chat to Liz
Agent: Hi Richard
Customer: Did you get my email get it under 2.5K
Agent: Yes, I just saw your email. Do you want to look at the GPU that lower core? *CPU 
Customer: sure
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: take your time
Agent: For your information, lower the spec will impact the performance especially if you plans on having 1000VM
Customer: ok 500vm
Agent: With the price under 2.5K the SYS-510T-ML is work, but it's only have 1 drives https://store.supermicro.com/mainstream-1u-sys-510t-ml.html You can check the price around on our configuration tool I'm sorry I mean you can have 1 main drive, 1 M.2 and 1 rear
Customer: yuck ugly ok no more than 3k
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  We have SYS-510P-WTR https://store.supermicro.com/sys-510p-wtr.html. It will under 3k with CPU 12cores, 8GB and HDD
Customer: ok much better looking
Agent: With this configuration, the price is nearly 3k, but you still need some upgrade to reach 500VM
Customer: is it super fast?
Agent: Do you mean the server is fast or not? or the 500VM?
Customer: server
Agent: It depends but will not fast as the quote I gave you in email
Customer: lol what is your commission?
Agent: Honestly, I don't have any 🙂
 The last thing we as Supermicro wants is for you to buy a system and it doens't perform up to your expectation and you return the system to us. *doesn't
Customer: ok sounds good now what do I do with my existing supermicro?
Agent: I'm not sure what you are expect. It's up to you. You can use it for another purpose
Customer: I would like to upgrade it as well then i would have 2
Agent: Well, you can upgrade it at your own risk but the system hasn't been validated, so we cannot recommend. I'm sorry for this inconvenience
Customer: not to those specs but to modern specs
Agent: Can you explain for modern specs?
Customer: is there a modern motherboard that will work with it?
Agent: Do you mean with your currently chassis?
Customer: yes
Agent: You can try if you want. However, the cooling will be the big issue since your chassis is 10 years old. The CPUs nowadays run a lot hotter than it was 10 years ago and your chassis did not make for that.
Customer: ah ok any discounts?
Agent: I'm sorry. But unfortunately, we don't have any discount at the moment.
Customer: what if I buy in bulk
Agent: I'm sorry, our eStore also don't have any bulk discount 😞  not for server
Customer: ok i will compare your price with Dell
Agent: Sound good! You can use our configurator for the system to compare with them.
Customer: ok
Agent: Also don't hesitate to contact us through Live Chat or email me if you need support  Is there anything else I may help you with today?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? hey I would like to return 1000024179
Agent: Hi Adrian Sure let me check. What would the reason be for the return?
Customer: my system did not work so I will need to return all the parts
Agent: Oh I see. Is it for a Supermicro motherboard or server? Can I help you find the correct one if possible?
Customer: I got a faulty processor and unable to assemble, will need to return the heatsinks and memories
Agent: Oh no that's unfortunate, sorry to hear https://webpr3.supermicro.com/SupportPortal/
Customer: these are orders I will need to return 1000024179
1000024077
1000022945
1000022887
Agent: Oh ok. The orders over 30 days may be more difficult to return, but the 2 recent ones, you should be able to via that RMA portal I provided.  Please register an account if you haven't done so for that and then file new RMA
Customer: ok
Agent: For order 1000022945 and 100022887, I had to double check and you will not be able to return since those unfortunately since it is over 30 days since time of delivery. 

For 1000024077 and 1000024179, you can proceed with the RMA return process. Can I help you with anything else?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Breno! 
Customer: Hello, I am trying to order a server and I am quoting products. 
I would like to have a quote from supermicro as well
Agent: Did you  get a quote through eStore site?
Customer: I am having a hard time building the machine to meet my specifications Can I add a 5 year warranty?
Agent: What server is it ?
Customer: SYS-2029U-TR4
Agent: I am sorry we don't have extended warranty on eStore available 
Customer: ok, I will see if they still accept the quote I also need to use unix OS, fedora preferably, but I can only find windows
Agent: We are working on it and the extended warranty will be available around mid of March We only have OS available currently on eStore Oops I mean Windows 
Customer: ok then
Agent: Do you still want a quote through us ?
Customer: yes, I wil try
Agent: Please do let us know if you need any assistance 
Customer: ok
Agent: Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: that is all
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? hi Checking on an order. Invoice #8801046743
Agent: Hi Samuel
Customer: This was paid for but I don't see it listed or shipped.
Agent: I don't have invoice#. Did you purchase this order through the eStore or through Sales?
Customer: See attached
Agent: Yeah that's not through the eStore. Can you check with Sales-USA@supermicro.com or call +1-408-503-8000 for further assistance?
Customer: ok
Agent: Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: not at this moment.  Thanks. Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Tracy
Customer: Hi Liz, i was hoping to order two SYS-5019C-MR servers i belive you updated my quote on Wednesday, are we out of stock?
Agent: Did you receive my previous email for changing the CPU-2276G?
Customer: yes i did.  when i tried to fill it, it told me that you had only onew
Agent: Please give me a moment to check the stock for you I already updated the inventory for you. Can you please try again?
Customer: so everything is in stock?
Agent: Yes, currently everything is in stock. You can add 2 to your cart Please let me know if you have any issues Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: no the order was placed any ETA on when it wil lship i assume by mid next week?
Agent: Thank you for purchasing with us. The system will be built and shipped with in 3-5 business days. You can received it by next Friday if the shipping courier doesn't have any issues
Customer: thanks liz
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Tracy Ratz left the following comment: Liz was very helpful Hello. How may I help you? Hi! I am attempting to find out what cable I need for this motherboard to power a GPU x10dru-i+ There are 4 headers for GPU power but I can't find any documentation on what cable I need
Agent: Hi Michael Is this within a Supermicro case or chassis?
Customer: yes https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/system/2U/6028/SYS-6028U-TR4T_.cfm
Agent: Ok let me check  Please bear with me for a few more minutes while I check for you. 
Customer: No worries
Agent: Hmm, they really do not list any of the GPU cables for either the motherboard or the server itself so let me dig a bit deeper. 
Customer: That's what I've been running into, hahaha. Thank you!
Agent: What GPU were you planning to use btw?
Customer: Just a consumer GPU to passthrough via ESXi gtx1070
Agent: Got it thanks So I had a similar question for the exact same motherboard, but the customer was using a RTX A4000, normal 8 pin GPU PCIE connector. The cable recommended for that was CBL-PWEX-0582 https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-8-pin-to-two-6-2-pin-12v-gpu-30cm-power-cable-cbl-pwex-0582.html
Customer: Cool! I'll give that one a shot. By chance do you have access to how much wattage is available at those ports? Just want to make sure I don't  try and pull too much
Agent: Other than what's in the manual, I do not unfortunately. You may have to check with our technical support team for that information support@supermicro.com 
Customer: Will do. Much appreciated! Have a good weekend
Agent: You're welcome and thank you! Have a great weekend as well!
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi David ! 
Customer: Hi Joe.  I was trying to see if I can get an update about Order # 1000024230. I'm hoping to get an idea if it will be shipping today, early next week, or if it has been delayed.
Agent: I see The ACH payment has been taking some time to verify on the bank side Please give me a moment while I check for you.  Your payment is pending since 3/8 and it will take up to 5 days to arrive Supermicro As soon as Supermicro receives the payment, we will start to assemble your order
Customer: Ok.  Thanks.  Do you have an option for terms? Because these orders are too large for our CC, but we need them faster than we can get with ACH.
Agent: I am sorry, no net terms for eStore purchase ACH only takes one time verification. After this time, you can purchase without verifying like this time
Customer: ah ok thankls
Agent: You're welcome. 
Customer: I used it for 1000024302 as well The other agent told me it would be fine
Agent: Your third order will be a lot faster
Customer: Awesome.  Glad to hear it
Agent: Sorry for the waiting, this has to be done by the bank, and as long as the ACH account is set up seccessfully, your future orders will be a lot smoother Are you looking for another server purchase ?
Customer: We will, but I'll probably do those orders on monday based on your stock.
Agent: Got you. What server is it ?
Customer: Hopefully by the 16th we'll be full steam ahead. It will probably be more SYS-5019P-MR With a bigger config
Agent: I recommend to place an order as soon as you can since our eStore order is first come first serve. You order earlier and you will more likely get the stock better than others
Customer: yeah, the business is asking me to wait until we are getting shipped orders with the ACH
Agent: Got you!
Customer: Thanks!
Agent: You're welcome.  How was your address issue ? Was it solved on your side ?
Customer: Yes, I think so!
Agent: That's great
Customer: Hopefully the ACH is all good, fingers crossed.  It's out of our hands :D
Agent: 😄
 Sounds good Most likely 1000024230 will be sipped out mid of next week.  Please dont hesitate to contact us if you have any more questions. 
Customer: Will do.  Thanks again.
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: David Elliott left the following comment: joe rocks! Hello. How may I help you? I just place an order# 1000024326
Agent: Hi Jamie
Customer: Is there stock for the item I ordered?
Agent: If you're able to order it, it should be in stock. 
Customer: I called supermicro and they said they show no stock.  They said your stock might be different please check for me
Agent: You called Sales or tech support?
Customer: part# mem-dr432l-sl01-er29 I spoke to sales and they told me to check with you part# mem-dr432l-sl01-er29
Agent: Ok let me check on that part We have separate inventory We do have this in stock should be good to go
Customer: How to I add tax-exempt seller certificate to my order@ 1000024326
Agent: We do accept tax-exempt, but it would be applied after the purchase not during the time of purchase.

In order to apply for tax exemption, you would need to provide valid certificate, which you can send to eStore-support@supermicro.com along with your order number.

Your tax-exempt request will be processed after we have verified that the certificate is valid. 
It usually takes up to 10 business days for the tax amount to return back to your original form of payment.
  Before submitting a request, please review the tax exempt guide carefully.  Incomplete or incorrect submissions will be rejected.
https://store.supermicro.com/tax-exemption-guide
 
Customer: will my order be shipped today? order# 1000024326
Agent: It should go out since it was processed
Customer: ok, thank you
Agent: you're welcome Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: no thank you
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Jim
Customer: I purchased RAM for my SuperMicro server and it did not work...
Agent: I'm sorry to hear that. Do you want me to find the compatible memory for your system? May I know your server part number please?
Customer: sure...the Mother Board is a X8SIE-LN4 Per the spec sheet, it takes up to 32GB of RAM DDR3 RDIMM So that is what I ordered and it did not work....server would not boot properly
Agent: I see. Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: Thanks Liz
Agent: Unfortunately, this motherboard is really old and I only can check on my end the highest validated memory is 8GB MEM-DR380L-HL09-ER16 and MEM-DR380L-HL06-ER16 they are both Hynix 8GB DDR3 1600 DIMMs Since the motherboard is too old, our lab didn't tested or validated for any newest DIMMs. I'm sorry for this inconvenience.
Customer: Ok....thanks. Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? hi liz
Agent: Hi Juan
Customer: liz i want to know why my order still in the first step of ypur status 1000024304
Agent: This order was paid by ACH, it will take longer than you pay by credit card.
Customer: ohh I understand, the project its  a little urgent ok when can we be sure the process continue?
Agent: Do you receive the microdeposits? from your bank account
Customer: cheking....
Agent: Sure, take your time 😄 
Customer: I could get the financial boss so they can inform me. When we receiver the microdeposit its there any process that we have to do or just wait?
Agent: Once the deposits appear, please enter them at the verification page to complete your order. There is the link for you to click in the email that we send you after you placed the order

 If your project is super urgent, we recommend you to placed the order with credit card since ACH methods will take a long time.
Customer: can we change the paid method at this moment or have to continue with the ACH method?
Agent: Well, you can cancel the order and place the new one with credit card I'm sorry I'm just checking with my supervisor. You can leave the order ACH there and we will refund to you later. You can place the new order with the credit card. The ACH will takes additional 3-5 days for the transfer process.
Credit card is instant
Customer: I am talking with my boss for the options
Agent: Please feel free to let us know what your boss decides. 
Customer: liz the microdeposit of what amount should we can find? my boss its looking the account but didnt found any
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  The microdeposit usually will shows in some pennies. The transaction might appear under the Supermicro eStore AMTS name if the deposits isn't in today then we recommend checking over the weekend or Monday
Customer: can we cancel the order and pay debit card? can be change the method of paiying without cancelling? with debit card so its reflects inmediately
Agent: Unfortunately, we cannot edit the payment without cancelling.  You can cancel the order since you are not verify the transaction yet
Customer: lets us check one by one he is reading every transaction looking for AMTS
Agent: But you have to check your debit transaction limit. Sometime there are limits for debit card transactions Since you are not verify the ACH yet. You can cancel the order and place a new one. If you cannot cancel on your end,please let me know. I can help you with that
Customer: we are going to cancel :)
Agent: Sound great
Customer: let us try
Agent: Sure. Please let me know if you need my help
Customer: we have enter to the account and to the My orders we cannot cancel can you helo us to cancel? please
Agent: Sure. Please give me a moment to do it for you
Customer: thanks
Agent: The order is canceled
Customer: ok alright :) we are placing a new order right now, i will come back in some minutes
Agent: Sound  great.  Please let me know if you need any assistances
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Jim
Customer: Hello Mark your purchasing, shipping page is forcing me to use a P.O. Box address, while the shipping charges seem to be for one of the no postal carriers (i.e.. FedEx, UPS, etc).  What carrier will you be using and do they Deliver to PO Boxes?
Agent: We use FedEx as our carrier. 
Customer: no chance that this can go via USPS Priority Mail ? its just two sticks of memory ..
Agent: Supermicro does not ship to PO boxes
Customer: then why do they force it on me???

"
 We Recommend:
PO BOX 298985
WASILLA , Alaska US 99629-8998" When I put in my physical address, which FedEx DOES ship to, it indicates that it is an invalid address .. my home has only been here 19 years
Agent: Can i ask what address you trying to use?
Customer: sure 12054 W. Derrick Ave
Houston, AK 99694
Agent: What's the product you are trying to buy? and how many are you trying buy? 
Customer: https://store.supermicro.com/32gb-ddr4-2666-mem-dr432l-sl03-er26.html two
Agent: Please give me a moment to look into this. 
Customer: Thank you
Agent: This item show it's out of stock. where you able to add this to your cart?
Customer: yes, I contacted per your website's advice Supermicro about possibly obtaining two and they worked on it and notified me today that I could obtain them from the eStore.  When I went to the page it showed them in stock it allowed me to add two to my cart and the rest is as above ;)
Agent: I am sorry but my coworker just sent you another email. Joe is working on getting those 2 for you still. Joe will email you as soon as they are available to purchase
Customer: Ok, he did email me, however I see that there was a follow-up email that indicated that supermicro wanted to recall the notification.
Agent: There was a confusion on our part. The parts are still not available. Joe is going to email once they are available.
Customer: Ok, that will not resolve the fact that your eStore rejects the address that FedEx will actually deliver to ..
Agent: For the address we are going to have check internally.  We apologize for the inconvenience.
Customer: ok, so how will I know the resolution?
Agent: Please give me a moment. we are trying to duplicate the case.
Customer: yep
Agent: For the address 12054 W. Derrick Ave
Houston, AK 99694 we are having trouble finding this address. 
Customer: Its very real and FedEx has delivered to it many times
Agent: We just want to make sure that this is correct address. We want to make sure you get your packages. 
Customer: me too! :) GE will take you right to it, however .. GE it says it is in Wasilla, but it is NOT, it is in Houston.
Agent: We are going to fix your address situation. It is okay I can email you back at jclive@ynsgroup.net once this is resolved?
Customer: yes, please and thank you very much for all you help!
Agent: It was a pleasure! Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: on my side as well :) no thanks, hope you have a good weekend! bye
Agent: Thank you. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Have a great weekend!
Customer: Jim Cliver left the following comment: Mark and Joe where very helpful! Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Juan
Customer: liz hello we try with debit card but its not acepting only credit and ACH we have ready shoping cart
Agent: I'm sorry for this inconvenience. 
Customer: paypal?
Agent: You might need to contact your credit card and ask for increase the limits for this transaction I'm sorry we don't accept paypal at the moment I apologize for this inconvenience 😞  Or you can buy 1 by 1 server to decrease the amount of transaction
Customer: my boss its going to paid with credit card I will wait for the final transcation and come back :)
Agent: Sound good!
Customer: in a couple of minutes i will return
Agent: Sure
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hey Joe
Agent: Ho Cody !  Hi!
Customer: I need to know the SAS cable for motherboard X11SPW-CTF using case CSE-LA15TQC-R504W I am assuming it breaks out to sata connections as I do not see a SAS interface on the backplane of the case
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  CBL-SAST-0699 https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-minisas-hd-to-4-sata-75-75-90-90cm-12gb-s-with-sideband-75cm-cable-cbl-sast-0699.html?queryID=26bdcf56ea1c9f450755ace5eefbffd7&objectID=871&indexName=supermicro_default_products
Customer: perfect, ordering now. Thank you! Where does the ribbon cable plug into? I see the 4 sata connections and the SAS connector as well
Agent: You're welcome.  Sideband is used to monitor the LED activity for the SAS drives.
Customer: So there is a header on this motherboard or does it plug into the backplane?
Agent: On the backplane actually 
Customer: Makes sense. order 1000024349 is mine. Can you get it expedited please? I need it tomorrow. I selected overnight shipping
Agent: You had chosen the  Priority Overnight  and it will arrive tomorrow 
Customer: awesome. Thanks for being so helpful, Joe.
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: That will be all, for now.
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Cody Anderson left the following comment: Joe was awesome.
Agent: Hi Stefan! 
Customer: Hi Joe! I have a few hardware questions about the  AS-5014A-TT workstation Are you with me?
Agent: I am here
Customer: OK, I'll shoot my questions then. Feel free to answer whenever appropriate. Q1: If I wanted the water-cooling module, how do I include it in my order?
Agent: We don't have the watercooling module available yet, the ETA is in June
Customer: Q2: If I wanted more internal HDDs, can I add a second drive cage, same as the one already present in the chassis, and mount it above the first. It looks like there is enough room for that.
Agent: This is what this server can offer for the dirves You can not add more than the picture shows unfortunately  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Any other way of adding HDDs in this chassis?
Agent: This server offers 4 fixed internal 3.5"/2.5" SATA drive bays, 2 fixed front 2.5" SATA drive bays, 4 M.2
Customer: Joe, you a human being, or some bot?
Agent: I am a human You can not add more than this server can offer. 
Customer: You answer like a bot. I ask a question, you quote the manual.

I already READ the manual. I have real questions. Can you even try to answer? What about those 5.25" bays t the top?
Agent: Thats the 2 fixed front 2.5" SATA drive bays I just mentioned
Customer: Noooo!! You didn't even read the manual! 

The 2.5" disks are on the side, bottom.

The 5.25" are at the top. Can I speak to an engineer maybe?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: OK
Agent: Please bear with me for a few more minutes while I check for you. 
Customer: I'd still prefer to talk to an engineer
Agent: Let me check internally and get back to you on this. Is piperov@cern.ch the best email to reach you ?
Customer: Yes - that's correct.
Agent: Thanks! Some info is not very clear and I apologize for the confusion. Let us double check and get back to you on this 
Customer: OK, I'll close this chat now, and wait for further answers via email then.
Agent: Thanks ! Stefan!  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: What if I never get contacted via email?
Agent: You can email us at estore-support@supermicro.com
Customer: OK, I'll use email address: estore-support@supermicro.com
Agent: Sounds good
Customer: What about some reference to this conversation?
Agent: You can save the transcript if you want. There is "..." on the left top of screen  Sounds good
Customer: OK, I did that, but would stilll prefer to have some sort of reference. In case I never get contacted by email, what am I going to say - 'I chatted with Joe'?
Agent: I can email you the ticket number after this chat if you want. The ticket number will be created after this chat That will be fine too
Customer: There's only one Joe at SM?
Agent: One eStore chat, yes, only one Joe
Customer: Oh, so your real name is not Joe. I see. That's generic/
Agent: I will email you the chat number after this chat  And my name is Joe on eStore you can mentioned in the email. It is not generic
Customer: Well, OK, I wasted enough time here. In case I never receive any emails from support engineers I'll simply have to take it as a statement of SM's level of user support, and move on with the competition. Stefan left the following comment: Joe did not even try to answer my questions. He(?) just quoted the manual, and even that he did not do well, because he did not have the details of the chassis when I had questions.

He referred me to external SM engineers on my request, and _promissed_ to send me a transcript of the chat, which I am doubtful will happen.

Disappointed, and wasted a lot of time today. Hello. How may I help you? Hi Kyle, I am looking for a 1U Dual PSU chassis for SuperMicro H11SSL-i motherboard.
Agent: Hi Cem
Customer: I found model 813MFTQC-R407CB on your site but there seems to be no stock anywhere. is there any other chassis I can use with this board?
Agent: Unfortunately, we don't carry any chassis on the eStore so you can try checking with our Sales team if you already tried with our resellers. May I ask where are you located?
Customer: San Francisco, CA
Agent: You can contact Sales-USA@supermicro.com
Customer: OK, I'll send them an email
Agent: https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy for resellers/distributors you may have missed too
Customer: Sounds good.
Agent: Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: that will be all for now. Thank you for your assistance.
Agent: You're welcome! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Don,
Customer: Is it possible for you to simply keep my Sales Tax Exemption on file for future orders?
Agent: We do accept tax-exempt, but it would be applied after the purchase not during the time of purchase.

In order to apply for tax exemption, you would need to provide valid certificate, which you can send to eStore-support@supermicro.com along with your order number.

Your tax-exempt request will be processed after we have verified that the certificate is valid. 
It usually takes up to 10 business days for the tax amount to return back to your original form of payment.
  Before submitting a request, please review the tax exempt guide carefully.  Incomplete or incorrect submissions will be rejected.
https://store.supermicro.com/tax-exemption-guide
  I'm sorry, we currently cannot do tax-exempt automatically.  I apologize for this inconvenience. Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Stefan 
Customer: is eStore available outside the US? Can I purchase something from Switzerland?
Agent: Unfortunately, Supermicro eStore only ships within United States 
Customer: Are there ANY options to get a workstation to Switzerland?
Agent: For outside United States Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.
https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy
 You can also try checking with our Sales team at Sales-USA@supermicro.com Tel: +1 408-503-8000 Is there anything else I may help you with today?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Nathan
Customer: Hi, the Supermicro Threadripper Performance SuperWorkstation Full Tower (AS -5014A-TT) can be configured to all of the pieces I need, but the used requested Thunderbolt 4; is there a (probably Intel) model with motherboard to support that? 
Also, I don't see an option to add NVIDIA Quadro Synch II; am I just missing something?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: ty :-)
Agent: May I clarify that do you ask for a Intel version of the AS -5014A-TT?
Customer: Not exactly, just any machine that will take 3 Graphics Cards, have a few slots left over, and will support Thunderbolt.
Agent: I will check internally for this. Can I email you back via nathan@therealitybridge.com?
Customer: sure, thank you
Agent: You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: nope, ty, thats all Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Hitesh
Customer: Hi, I was wondering when SYS-510D-8C-FN6P
will be available for general purchases such as from re-sellers or yourself?
Agent: We don't carry this item on our eStore. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.
https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy
 You also try with our Sale team at Sales-USA@supermicro.com to see if they can help
Tel: +1 408-503-8000

Customer: When I asked an authorized Canada reseller (newegg) they said to talk to you. Even if you do not carry the item, would you know when it'll be be available not just for your estore but for resellers?
As the CPU in SYS-510D-8C-FN6P just released, I'm unsure if products absed on that CPU such as SYS-510D-8C-FN6P will be available right away
Agent: Unfortunately we don't from our end. I'll recommend talking to sales they might have the information about this. 
Customer: Does sales have a chat feature or is it all email>
Agent: They don't have a chat just email.  Sales-USA@supermicro.com 
Tel: +1 408-503-8000
Customer: Sounds good. Thank you. I'll email them
Agent: Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: I was going to ask if the CPU can be customized for that model such as using the xeon -d 1722ne
Agent: Unfortunately since we don't sale this item in our eStore we don't have the information for this. Sales can help out with this.  You're welcome!
Customer: Ok, sounds good. Thank you Hello. How may I help you? Hi, We have a server and one of the power supplies has failed and i was looking for a replacement.  Can you help me with a replacement for PWS-920P-SQ?
Agent: Hi Doug Let me check if there are any available
Customer: Thank you
Agent: We're currently out of stock with no ETA when we'd get more unfortunately. I'm checking for an update internally and can email you back once I get one. 
Customer: OK thanks.
Agent: You're welcome Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Not at the moment.  Looking forward to information on possible replacement when you have it.  Have a great day.
Agent: Sounds good. You only needed 1 correct?
Customer: correct
Agent: Ok hopefully we can get one for you. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? I would like to get the connectr pinout of the supermicro pws-920p-1r
Agent: Hi Marc
Customer: I would also like to know if two fo these can be use in parallel
Agent: The connector pinout Gold Finger (19 Pair Connector). Here is the spec sheet: https://store.supermicro.com/media/wysiwyg/productspecs/PWS-920P-1R_quick_spec.pdf If you need the actual diagram or drawings of the pinouts, we don't provide that here on the eStore
Customer: That spec sheet does not shw the pinut
Agent: Yeah we don't provide that unfortunately. You'll have to check with our technical support team at support@supermicro.com for that information
Customer: okay i will search for that as well can two be run in parallel?
Agent: You can also call 408) 503-8000 if need be Well these are typically ran in a redundant set up
Customer: i want to run two simultaleously in parallel
Agent: That I'm not sure if they do so I'll have to check internally and email you back once I get an answer for it. 
Customer: ill call them thank you
Agent: np!
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Steven
Customer: Hi Liz, I need rail kits for a bunch of these (very old) 1U Super Servers.  CSE-813M  seems to be the part number for the chassis
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: 	
Supermicro 1U Rail Kit (MCP-290-00054-0N) totally looks like the right one...
Agent: As I check on your serial number provided above (C813MLG12ND0022), your chassis part number is CSE-813MFTQC-350CB. And the rail kit CSE-PT52L is worked with your chassis https://store.supermicro.com/1u-cse-pt52l.html You can also use the Quick release rail set: MCP-290-00068-0N I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we don't carry the MCP-290-00068-0N on our eStore.
You can go with the CSE-PT52L which we have on our eStore now. https://store.supermicro.com/1u-cse-pt52l.html Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: That's really excellent information, thank you. 🙂
Agent: You're welcome. 
Customer: That's what I needed, I will have to pass this up to principals and see what they want to do.  we have about thirty of these that we received as salvage, with no outer rails.  It's a relief to know we can still get parts for them.  Thanks again.
Agent: Sound good! No problem. Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: That will do it for now.  Thanks again.
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: You too. Steven Stafford left the following comment: Good job! Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi James
Customer: Hello Mark I am trying to place an order on your website, but I am getting a message that I need to contact you in order to complete the order
Agent: I see, what is the error message you are getting. can you show me screenshot? 
Customer: It is saying that a drive is out of stock, but that you have enough inventory to complete the order
Agent: which drive are trying to get?
Customer: M.2 XG6 1 TB
Agent: how many are trying to get?
Customer: 2
Agent: Please give me second to check. 
Customer: Ok This is a piece of 2 servers that I'm trying to order
Agent: We just updated the inventory for the drive. Can you please try again?
Customer: One moment That worked Thanks
Agent: Awesome! you're welcome Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: That will be all
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: You too Hello. How may I help you? Hello, I need to return this Order # 1000024303
Agent: Hi Luis May I ask the reason for the return?
Customer: wrong PN was bought, I need the PSU for AC 110V and this PSU is DC 48V
Agent: Oh I see. Did you need assistance finding the correct PSU? Is it for a Supermicro system?
Customer: yes let me send you the pn needed
Agent: sure sounds good Meanwhile, to submit an RMA  (return) request, please utilize our new support portal at https://webpr3.supermicro.com/SupportPortal/. If you have not submitted a request before, please register prior to doing so.  
Customer: PWS-902-1R
Agent: ok thanks, let me check if we have that in stock Actually that is EOL (end of life). Let me find the replacements
Customer: ok
Agent: PWS-920P-1R2 is the replacement, but we are out of stock. You needed 4 pcs right?
Customer: yes
Agent: Ok I'll have to check internally if we can get 4 more pcs and get back to you via email
Customer: it could be two, in case you don't have 4
Agent: Ok I'll check for 4 pcs first
Customer: thank you
Agent: Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: it's all thank you
Agent: you're welcome! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: bye Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Naresh
Customer: Hello Liz I am looking for NVMe M.2 SSD to PCIe X16/X8/X4 Card quantity x1
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry any SSD on our eStore at the moment. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy 
Customer: ok thanks
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Robert
Customer: Good afternoon Mark I am looking to see if you have an updated Drive list for a JBOD  846BE2C-R1K03JBOD https://www.supermicro.com/support/resources/HDD/chassisHDD.cfm?Category=SC&sz=2.5&sku=846BE2C-R1K03JBOD All the drives are either EOL or Nowhere to be found
Agent: Please give me a moment to look into this. 
Customer: TY
Agent: Are you expanding to your set up for RAID functions? That list is the most current list we have.
Customer: I am building out a new JBOD Copy that. Just checking to make sure the list was up to date. Thank you for checking
Agent: I'm so sorry for this inconvenience 
Customer: No Inconvenience from your side. I blame the Pandemic
Agent: can i ask what in particular you where looking for?
Customer: I was just trying to follow what supermicro suggest I was looking for 2TB and 4TB drives
Agent: How many for each?
Customer: 12GB/s 256MB I would need 24 of each I am looking on your site now
Agent: I see. Please give a moment  I found HDD-3A04T-1KECR https://store.supermicro.com/4tb-sas3-hdd-a4000-st4000nm004a.html
Customer: looking now
Agent: There isn't enough stock for your order but i can request for inventory.  Is is okay if i can email you back at rburdige@anivive.com with an update?
Customer: Yes, TY
Agent: Before i place inventory request, are you okay with the drive HDD-3A04T-1KECR https://store.supermicro.com/4tb-sas3-hdd-a4000-st4000nm004a.html?
Customer: Standby on the Request Let me look around a little more
Agent: Of course. If you have any questions please feel free to LiveChat us.  Can I help you with anything else?  I do want to mention if you buy 20 of HDD-3A04T-1KECR https://store.supermicro.com/4tb-sas3-hdd-a4000-st4000nm004a.html you'll save $4 on each drive.  sorry i mean HDD-3A04T-1FECR https://store.supermicro.com/4tb-sas3-hdd-a4000-st4000nm005a.html
Customer: Cool, Thank you. I will hit you back if I have anymore questions Thank you for all your help
Agent: You're welcome! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hello!
Agent: Hi Peter
Customer: Our server came with a set of rails incompatible with our rack. Looking for a caompatible product The server came with rail P/N MCP-290-00053-0N
Agent: May I know your chassis/ server part number, please?
Customer: I don't have the part number. It is still crated (from the OEM integrator). It is  a 3U SuperMicro Sold via Watchguard/Motorola Solutions
Agent: Are you able to look for the serial number of it? Please check the link below for how to check  serial number.
https://www.supermicro.com/en/support/rma/sn
Customer: The rails are designed to go into rack with square holes. Our rack only has the holes for telecom type gear (screws). No, the server is at a remote site. Unmanned at the moment
Agent: Unfortunately, I cannot recommend the compatible rail kit without the chassis part number. 
Is that your rack has the round hole?
Customer: Yes. More for shelves, not server gear
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check if there is a adapter for you. 
Customer: Bear with me one moment, I may be able to get a bit more info
Agent: Sure!
Customer: Does IV-SE-3U mean anything  to you? That is part of the reseller's SKU
Agent: No, I cannot find any information for that SKUs
Customer: OK. I'll see what can be found. Thank you for your time.
Agent: You're welcome. Please check back with us if you have the part number/ serial number of the chassis/server. Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: Will definitely be back! Thank you for your time'
Agent: No problem. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Bye Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi again Peter
Customer: I think I found the adapter: MCP-290-00060-0N?
Agent: Yes, you can use the adapter the MCP-290-00053-0N. Supermicro Threaded Rail Adapter Set for Round Hole Racks (MCP-290-00060-0N)https://store.supermicro.com/rail-kit-adapter-set-mcp-290-00060-0n.html?queryID=5a152ccef2f9b118bd22322fc3b687ac&objectID=1238&indexName=supermicro_default_products
 Or the Supermicro Rail Adapter Set (Non-Threaded) for Round Thread Racks (MCP-290-00061-0N)
https://store.supermicro.com/rail-kit-adapter-set-mcp-290-00061-0n.html?queryID=5a152ccef2f9b118bd22322fc3b687ac&objectID=1239&indexName=supermicro_default_products I cannot guarantee which one is work with your since I don't know which part number of your chassis
Customer: The rails in the picture is what came with the server. Our rack has threaded holes.
Agent: I see. You can use the adapter MCP-290-00060-0N to install the MCP-290-00053-0N with your rack
Customer: Yes. Sounds reasonable to me. Yes? 🙂 Can you see if the MCP-290-00060-0N is in stock?
Agent: Yeah. This is how you install the adapter and rail set
Customer: 👍
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: And also, is there a kit of rack screws available?
Agent: How many  MCP-290-00060-0N are you looking for?
Customer: Whatever will support 1 server
Agent: We have MCP-290-00060-0N available for you to purchase. You should only need 1 set for a server This rail adapter set includes 2x bracket A and 2x bracket B for four rack posts.
Customer: Great! And screws?
Agent: There are no screws included because screws are usually included with chassis.
Customer: Ah well... What part of the cpuntry do your parts typically ship from?
Agent: The order should be ship from San Jose if you purchase with our eStore
Customer: Are orders filled same day?
Agent: Our order will ship out by the end of the day if you placed the order before  3:30 PM PST. Unfortunately, it is passed our cutoff time. The order will be shipped by the end of tomorrow.
Customer: That will be fine. Just wanting to let the powers that be know. Thank you SO MUCH for your time.
Agent: You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: No, this made my day. ;-)
Agent: It's great to hear that. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Peter K Knowles left the following comment: Thank you, Liz! Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Krystal!  How can I help you with the availability ?
Customer: hi we would like to order 2x Supermicro 55cm OCuLink to OCuLink Cable (CBL-SAST-0818) if we order now, when you guys can shipped out the order?
Agent: May I know what shipping method you are choosing ?
Customer: federal express
Agent: We offer standard shipping (3-5 business days), expedited shipping (2 business days), overnight (next business day), priority overnight (by 10:30 am to most US addresses; by 5 pm to some remote areas; by noon on Saturdays).  Which one are you choosing?
Customer: standard one
Agent: I see. Yes, if you place an order now with standard shipping, the order will be shipped out today.
Customer: OK, got it thanks
Agent: You're welcome. Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: that should be all
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you? Hi, Kyle
Agent: Hi Peter
Customer: I'd like to cancel order 1000024363 and then place an order for additional items. Unless you can suplement that order Trying to avoid too much additional shipping cost
Agent: Unfortunately, we cannot edit the order with additional items so I recommend cancelling
Customer: Can you help with that ?
Agent: If you log into your account and go to Orders, you can cancel from there right now
Customer: OK. thank you. I'm a first time visitor. Thank you
Agent: You're welcome! Let me know if you see the option To cancel your order, please log into your account and go to "My Account" and then click on "My Orders". From there, you should be able to cancel your order  to be exact I was able to see the cancelation. Is there anything else I can help you with? We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Mr. Anthony
Customer: I purchased some fans I receive five of them but one is broken I purchased some fans I receive five of them but one is broken
Agent: I'm so sorry to hear that. You can request the RMA for the broken one To submit an RMA  (return) request, please utilize our new support portal at https://webpr3.supermicro.com/SupportPortal/. If you have not submitted a request before, please register prior to doing so.   May I know your order number also? Hi Rick !
Customer: Hi there Ok, here is my question/issue.   We have qty 8 of the 8 slot 4027gr-trt servers that we would like to change GPUs in.   We are wondering if you have for sale, high profile cover lids for these units so we can install GPUs that plug in on the top of the cards instead of the back end.   Our current servers came with low profile system  covers
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  In our system, only MCP-230-84801-0N is the top cover for your server Unfortunately I can't tell if it is for low profile or high cover Since we don't sell covers on eStore, I suggest checking with our RMA department for this part RMA department email address: rma@supermicro.com
RMA department phone #:  1-408-503-8000 option 3
  Also, another way to find out about the cover is checking with your sales rep 
Customer: ok,  we juts received a new 4u chassis that is still in the box.  I will check to see if it's cover fits our old units and go to them to see about getting something.   I truly appreciate it.
Agent: You're welcome.  
Customer: in the mean time... can I get a quote for some cables please
Agent: What are the cables you are looking for quotes for ?
Customer: cbl-pwex-0582   qty 20.  For Rutgers University. so it should be tax exempt.
Agent: I see. You can request for a quote through this link https://store.supermicro.com/quote#CBL-PWEX-0582 We do accept tax-exempt, but it would be applied after the purchase not during the time of purchase.

In order to apply for tax exemption, you would need to provide valid certificate, which you can send to eStore-support@supermicro.com along with your order number.

Your tax-exempt request will be processed after we have verified that the certificate is valid. 
It usually takes up to 10 business days for the tax amount to return back to your original form of payment.
  Before submitting a request, please review the tax exempt guide carefully.  Incomplete or incorrect submissions will be rejected.
https://store.supermicro.com/tax-exemption-guide
 
Customer: ok great thank you.   I am sure we already have an account ok, that's all I need thanks.
Agent: Tax exemption has to be done after the purchase. You will need to submit the certificate after the purchase to get a refund Sounds good. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: you too
Agent: Thanks! Hi Kevin
Customer: Hi, I have a questions about CBL-SAST-1270-100 cable do you have this cable with GPIO connector? I have a 2U supermicro with a backplane and I need GPIO function.
Agent: May I know your server part number please?
Customer: you need chassis? or M/B?
Agent: Can I have both if possible?
Customer: please wait.  I will go get it. CSE-825 and X12SPM-FT on the latest RAID controller
Agent: Thank you for your information. Please give me a moment while I check for you.  Please bear with me for a few more minutes while I check for you.  I'm sorry currently we don't have the cable SlimSASx8 STR SFF-8654 to 8xSATA that goes with the GPIO. We only have the SGPIO in separately Supermicro 40cm SGPIO 8-Pin Female to 8-Pin Female Cable (CBL-0157L) 
https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-40cm-sgpio-8-pin-female-to-8-pin-female-cable-cbl-0157l.html
Customer: thanks
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Melville
Customer: Hi Mark, how are you today?
Agent: I am doing wonderful, How about you?  thank you for asking!
Customer: You bet!

I'm doing alright Good Sir. 

But, we have a problem with an order.
Agent: I see, what is the problem?
Customer: Ordered a batch of SATA Cables for a server were building over here. They came in today and they are the wrong product.

The part number we ordered is:
CBL-0207L

Supermicro SATA Round Straight-Straight with Latch Connections 59cm Cable (CBL-0207L)

https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-sata-round-straight-straight-with-latch-connections-59cm-cable-cbl-0207l.html?queryID=869b74101329c702b2a99b55536b6159&objectID=521&indexName=supermicro_default_products

However...the cables that arrived do not have latches on them...just standard SATA ends.

I'll attach a picture of the cables that arrived today. Here is a picture of the latching cables we normally use. The cables that arrived today are missing the latching mechanism.
Agent: I am sorry for this. Please give me a second to look into this.
Customer: Roger that. Thanks for the assistance Mark.
Agent: We apologize for the inconvenience and this the mistake on our end, there is wrong description on website.    Please utilize the Supermicro Customer Reporting Management System to submit a New RMA Request. If you have not submitted a request before, please register prior to doing so.
https://webpr3.supermicro.com/SupportPortal/  
 The cables you should order are CBL-0315L https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-sata-flat-straight-straight-with-latch-35cm-cable-cbl-0315l.html 
Customer: We were hoping to get the latching mechanism on the thinner round cables. The red flat ones take up a lot of space in cable routing. Do you have any latching cables in the thin round variety?
Agent: That's the only one but let me check just to make sure. 
Customer: They should look something like this... Wish I had a better picture.
Agent: I just checked and we don't carry any like that. I am sorry. 
Customer: Roger. Can you assist with the RMA process. Never had to do that before.
Agent: For RMA you would have to go https://webpr3.supermicro.com/SupportPortal/ and since this your first time you would have to click on new RMA request.  Is this something you would like to do on your own, or would you like for us to do this? Can i confirm this is for the order 1000024309?
Customer: Can you do this one Mark? 

I'm on my second shift today, and they have me scheduled for another assignment this afternoon in a few minutes.
Agent: Of course i could. Can i can confirm this for order 1000024309?
Customer: Roger...let me check.
Agent: Okay.
Customer: Yes Sir. Order # 1000024309.
Agent: Sounds good. Ill submit this for you. You'll get a notice from RMA team once i submit this.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: One question Mark - how quickly will the RMA team get back with me? Should I plan on getting this up to UPS at the end of today...or start of shift tomorrow morning?
Agent: You'll have to wait for RMA to contact you. This can take within 1 business day. 
Customer: Roger. 

Thanks for all of the assistance Mark. 

Have a lovely rest of the day Good Sir!
Agent: You're welcome! and thank you. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Do you guys supply a cable Data cable Slim Line SAS 4.0 SFF-8654 4i 38pin Host to HD Mini SAS 4i SFF-8643 36pin Target Cable Do you guys carry that cable
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  I am sorry but we don't carry the cable you are looking for  You might want to check with other vendors Can I help you with anything else?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Onno
Customer: Hi. I'm wondering if CBL-SAST-0929 is compatable to SuperServer 2049U-TR4. On the compatibility list only CBL-SAST-0926 is listed. But CBL-SAST-0929 seems to be identical except that is a bit longer. CBL-SAST-0929 seems to be much more available.
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: Sure. Thank you.
Agent: Yes, they are both OcuLink v 1.0 source to MiniSAS HD. It should be compatible
Customer: Great. One more question if I may. Do U.3 NVME drives fit into 2049U-TR4?
Agent: I'm sorry this system wasn't validated with any U.3 NVMe by our lab. You can try but I cannot guarantee.
Customer: Understandable. It is a bit outdated at this point. Okay, thank you. That was very helpful.
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: No, that was all.
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: You too! Bye! Onno Nerjes left the following comment: Liz has been very quick and helpful. Hi
Agent: Hi Hung-Chang
Customer: I need to buy 38 units of PWS-1K23A-1R. Could you please release inventory for my order? THx
Agent: Let me check for you
Customer: I was informed that this SKU will get re-stock in Mid March
Agent: Ok still checking as there were PSU shortages for many models unfortunately. 
Customer: OK. Please let me know how many you carry at the moment. Thank you
Agent: We are currently out of stock. I checked internally but not sure how long ETA or when I'd get an update for this. I can email you back once I get one. 
Customer: OK. Do you know alternative source or your listed retailers might carry this SKU?
Agent: You can try checking with our resellers/distributors: https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy per your location
Customer: Thanks
Agent: You're welcome Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: I am good now. Thank you for help Kyle
Agent: Sounds good! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Sean
Customer: Hi I had reached out to email support regarding the CSE-PT51L rail kit I recieved a reply saying that it was ready for me to try and order, but when I try add it to the cart I am still getting the message to contact support.
Agent: I see. Please give me a moment while I check for you.  I've updated the inventory for CSE-PT51L. Can you please try again?
Customer: Its allowing me. is it actually in stock?
Agent: Yes, it is
Customer: okay. thank you!
Agent: You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: that should do it, I appreciate your help.
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: you too!
Agent: Hi Roy
Customer: Hello, I am looking to purchase  4 micro BNC male to Standard BNC female jumpers for our server. Also 2 micro BNC male to micro BNS male jumpers
Agent: For what server is this? if you need help finding the system serial number please use https://www.supermicro.com/en/support/rma/sn
Customer: 815TQ-RC500CB
Agent: Unfortunately,  we don't carry any BNC or BNS on our eStore.  You can check with our RMA department email address: rma@supermicro.com
RMA department phone #:  1-408-503-8000 option 3
 
Customer: ok, thanks for the help.
Agent: no problem. Is there anything else I may help you with today?  Hi Rick
Customer: Hi. I need to replace the fans on my CSE-510 chassis. The fan is FAN-0106L4. I do not see that number listed though.
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry FAN-0106L4 on our eStore. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy  You also can contact our RMA department to see if they can help
RMA department email address: rma@supermicro.com
RMA department phone #:  1-408-503-8000 option 3
 
Customer: Will do. Thanks.
Agent: You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: No thanks. Bye.
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Agent: Hi Dale
Customer: Hi Liz
Agent: How can I help you today?
Customer: I was wondering if there was any ETA on stock for M392A4K40BM0-CRC
Agent: Is this memory https://store.supermicro.com/32gb-ddr4-2400-mem-dr432l-sv01-er24.html what are you refer to?
Customer: Yes, that's the one
Agent: Unfortunately, this memory is EOL on our end. It won't be back in stock in the future. I'm sorry for this inconvenience. If you would like to find a replacement memory Please let me know your Supermicro motherboard part number I can find the compatible memory for your Supermicro motherboard
Customer: That is unfortunate. The board is X10SRi-F
Agent: Thank you! Please give me a moment while I check for you.  Is that ok if the memory is the 32GB DDR4-2400 2Rx4 LP ECC REG DIMM?
Customer: Yes, that is fine
Agent: Thank you. The Supermicro (Samsung) 32GB 288-Pin DDR4 2400 (PC4 19200) Server Memory (MEM-DR432LC-ER24) is compatible with your motherboard
https://store.supermicro.com/32gb-ddr4-2400-mem-dr432l-sl02-er24.html
Customer: Excellent, thank you
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Scott ! Did you purchase CBL-PWEX-0710-JP from our eStore ?
Customer: yes if the part works for me, I'm going to buy 24 total
Agent: Have you contacted FedEx to locate the package ?
Customer: yes.  no update on the delivery date
Agent: 1000024286 is your order number. Correct?
Customer: sorry.  standby yes it will probably show in a week
Agent: I am sorry we don't have Will Call option for eStore order.   Did FedEx tell you a reason for the delay ?
Customer: no.  This is sadly a common occurrence these days.  If it was picked at your Brokaw site, it is likely in a trailer off of trimble/montague Any other way for me to get one?
Agent: Let me investigate where your package is and I will update with you as soon as I can Is scott.hanson@cohesity.com the best email to reach you ?
Customer: yes. Thank you.
Agent: Sorry for the inconvenience ! I will get back to you as soon as I can  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: The eStore says volume discount.  I will need 23 pcs if this first works, is there a discount?
Agent: I believe so for 23 pcs. Can you please send a request through this link ?https://store.supermicro.com/quote#CBL-PWEX-0710-JP
Customer: I will.  Thank you...
Agent: You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: no thank you. thanks for the help
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hi mark
Agent: Hi Tracy 
Customer: I have an issue.  I placed an order on Wednesday and received a defective server.
Agent: I am sorry for this. 
Customer: It was order # 1000024324
Agent: What was wrong?
Customer: one of the two servers doesn't pass post boot we received it today so my question is with the rma, since you shipped me something that didn't even work when we just received it, why would i pay for it to be shipped back when we just received the order today and the unit was DOA when shipped from supermicro
Agent: please give me second to look into this. 
Customer: k
Agent: Before you submit a RMA please talk with CRM team to see if they can fix the issue with your server https://webpr3.supermicro.com/SupportPortal/ submit CRM case to tech support
Customer: If it is dead, then what
Agent: Then contact us again so we can assist you with the RMA
Customer: OK.  My tech did call, and was told to RMA the product.  What i am annoyed about is that the product was just delivered and why would i pay to ship it back when the unit doesn't work at all The serial # S326099X2216635
Agent: Let me check internally for this. Is it okay if i email you back at tratz@clarityscg.com?
Customer: I would like to get this replaced as I have a client that needs the pair but we have DOA server and would like my techs to configure them before we send them to the client but i can't see paying for something when the server arrives that is broken
Agent: I understand.  You would want this replace it would be a cross-shipping.  Let me check internally to see what we can do and ill email you back soon. 
Customer: K
Agent: Thank you for your patience.  Ill email as soon i get any update.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: That's it
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Scott ! I am sorry but our eStore doesn't carry  CBL-PWEX-1058
Customer: thank you..
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: no thank you.
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: I am trying to locate a new chassis for a rebuild project cse-826e16-r500lpb
Agent: CSE-826E16-R500LPB is EOL in 2016
Customer: yea i know its legacy SC826TQ-R500LPB is this the same
Agent: Yes it is EOL Are you looking to purchasing those chassis ?
Customer: I have the first one nib and have all the guts but i need a matching case
Agent: If you are looking for the chassis, you should be able to locate them on the market still https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy
Customer: i found the second part number online in stock it looks the same but not sure
Agent: I see Sorry since it is EOL and our eStore doesn't carry chassis, I will not able able to suggest if they are the same or not
Customer: ok thanks I saw a pair of black and gold sneakers 45.99
Agent: Hello I'm sorry, but we don't sell any sneakers on our eStore
Customer: Hi Kile Sneakers shoes
Agent: Yeah we don't sell any sneakers, just computer products
Customer: Ok.  Thanks
Agent: Np! Can I help you with anything else?  Hi Ryan !
Customer: Hi - trying to place an order and once I put the shipping address in, it says no quotes found and it won't move forward. Do I need to have a quote before ordering?
Agent: Can you show me a screenshot to show the message ? What product are you purchasing and what the shipping address it is please ?
Customer: Supermicro 2U Passive CPU Heat Sink Socket LGA2011 Narrow ILM (SNK-P0048PS) just 2 of them shipping is 1037 E Brandon Blvd Brandon, FL 33511 billing will be different
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: thank you
Agent: 1037 E BRANDON BLVD
BRANDON , Florida US 33511-5515
Customer: correct for shipping
Agent: Can you use this address please 
Customer: now its working - thank you!
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: not at this time - but thank you
Agent: You're very welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: you as well!! Ryan Collier left the following comment: Super helpful!!
Agent: Hi Ryan !
Customer: hi there So I am trying to place the order and getting an error message
Agent: What is the message please ? What is the billing address please ?
Customer: so billing is 235 W Brandon Blvd Suite 299 brandon, fl 33511-5103
Agent: When do you get this message ? I put in " 235 W Brandon Blvd Suite 299 brandon, Florida 33511-5103 United States" and it works
Customer: once I select Place Order that msg pops up
Agent: Just to verify, this is surely the billing address ties to the credit card. Correct?
Customer: correct
Agent: Hmmm. Let me reach out to our internal team to have this work out  Can I email you afterwards?
Customer: okay - sure
Agent: Is ryan.collier@datacorps.com the best email to reach you ?
Customer: can you email kimberlee.weaver@datacorps.com
Agent: Sure thing, will do
Customer: ty!
Agent: Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: not at this time
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: goodbye Hi Joe — I've used the wrong ACH account number on order 1000024387 Is it possible to change the ACH payment account on this order, or should I cancel and try again? For context, I'm an EU customer using a Wise account, and delivering the order to my exporter
Agent: Are you using an US bank ?
Customer: Yes I have a US bank account, but I've used the wrong number
Agent: Wrong bank info you mean ?
Customer: Yes
Agent: Please cancel the order and reorder
Customer: Okay, how can I cancel the order?
Agent: After you login to eStore, please go to My account --> My Order
Customer: I'm looking at the order page (https://store.supermicro.com/sales/order/view/order_id/96622/) and I don't see a cancel button Please can you cancel it?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  I can request to cancel it for you It will take about an hour or so
Customer: Okay understood, I'll place a new order in the meantime Thank you for the assistance!
Agent: You're welcome. 
Customer: Hello Support
Agent: Hi Manuel ! 
Customer: I'm looking for a spare part of  a very expensive switch I bought from you the fans broke and I need a replacement the supermicro switch is Supermicro Switch SSE-X3348TR I believe the part number is NIDEC W38S12BUA5-53T17 0.7A 12V  fan kit
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: This is the part I need the four fans assembly I was able to get a spare last year for another switch we have from you but I cannot get it through any reseller
Agent: There is no fan part under SSE-X3348TR
Customer: well last time you get me a part those switches cost $8K USD can you escalate this issue with supermicro? I really need the part I'm not ready to replace the switch because a fan broke as I said, that switch cost me $8,000 USD I paid last year $45 for the replacement part
Agent: Have you to contacted RMA department for this ?
Customer: not yet how do I contact them?
Agent: For your situation, please contact RMA to submit a repair or get a replacement To submit an RMA  (return) request, please utilize our new support portal at https://webpr3.supermicro.com/SupportPortal/. If you have not submitted a request before, please register prior to doing so.   Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: no, thanks
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: I need the same model of driver tray for 2,5 inch disks
Agent: Hi Serge!  Are you looking for MCP-220-00094-0B ?
Customer: Yes but for 2.5 inches disks it may not be the same reference
Agent: What is your chassis or server part number ?
Customer: 747TQ-R1620B
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  Please bear with me for a few more minutes while I check for you.  	MCP-220-00094-0B is the part number  https://store.supermicro.com/mcp-220-00094-0b.html?queryID=fc1259a2dd99ff2ee83751e3a83f047c&objectID=633&indexName=supermicro_default_products
Customer: Ok I knew that and how I adapt my 2,5inches disk ?
Agent: MCP-220-93801-0B https://store.supermicro.com/mcp-220-93801-0b.html?queryID=a968ec3a5f6da4d22f67201629621011&objectID=872&indexName=supermicro_default_products Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Thank you this one is good !!! Good evening
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Juan
Customer: hi liz good morning
Agent: Good morning
Customer: i am worried about my order 1000024335 1 server its ok and on delivery but the other 3 servers are like stop in the process can you please help me identify what its hapening *happening
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: thanks for all
Agent: All I know right now, your other 3 servers are assembling now and will be shipped out as soon as they are finished. Can I email you back via jcgomez@atl-corp.com?
Customer: yes please thanks :)
Agent: I will check again internally to make sure everything is good 
Customer: ok thanks, those servers are for an urgent project, so no mather th eproblem , tell me so we can resolve it thanks for your help
Agent: You're welcome.  Oh wait.. Let me double check  Your order should be shipped out by today. Because it was different server in the same order. They will be shipped out separately. I just got the answer from internally.
Customer: thanks and wonderfull news
Agent: You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: liz it downt matter that in the status its on the 1 step ? *doesn´ ´t thats why I ask on the chat if you tell me that it´ ´s ok i will ignore the status of the order thanks for your kind support always 🙂👌👍
Agent: You're welcome.  I will keep an eye on your order and let you know if there is any problem via email
Customer: thanks greetings to kyle also, have a nice day
Agent: Sure, I will. Thank you. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Juan Carlos Gomez left the following comment: wonderfull support staff (Liz and kyle and supermicro agents)
Agent: Hi Courtney
Customer: Can you use the 2.5" screws in a 3.5" hot swap bay? hello :)
Agent: Please give me second to check.  Unfortunately you can't due size difference. 
Customer: okay, can you please tell me when these will be back in stock then? MCP-410-00005-0N
Agent: Of course, let me check It's currently out of stock but i can ask for inventory change. How many would you like?
Customer: As of now we will only need 1, I could see my team wanting more in the future as these screws unfortunately wear down quickly
Agent: I'll place inventory change and ill email you once they are available. Is the email courtney.lawson@us.bosch.com best to reach you at?
Customer: Yes! Thank you so much! Please also send the email to: robert.pendygraft@us.bosch.com he will likely place the order
Agent: Sounds good! ill email both once they are ready. Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: No that is it, thank you so much!
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Kelly !
Customer: Hello - do you know when you'll have stock of PF40561BX-Q40U-S9H? Hi Joe! I'm looking for qtys of 2, 4, & 8.
Agent: I can make a request to have total of 14 ready for you I can email you when they are ready  What is the best email to reach you ?
Customer: I need to know the lead time of them
Agent: Oh I see
Customer: this is for a quote for a customer.
Agent: We can get them ready in a day But it all depends on when your customer will place the order Our eStore is first come first server for stock
Customer: Got it, thanks much! Have a great day Hi, I'm building an installation and need to find a workstation to support the requirements there. 1. They want to start with three RTX A4000 cards and would like to have the potential to later add 1-2 more.
2. They would like to have several available PCIE slots beyond those used for the graphics cards.
3. 128GB memory
4. The emphasis is on chip speed in terms of the CPU (s)
5. Mobility is helpful, so a rugged case is a plus
6. Thunderbolt, if possible
Agent: Hi Nathan
Customer: Hi, Kyle, just to emphasize; A lot of the use will be Unreal Engine, so CPU speed is imprtant.
Agent: I believe the only workstation we carry that may support that many GPUs is an AMD threadripper one in AS -5014A-TT, but it doesn't support Thunderbolt https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-threadripper-performance-workstation-as-5014a-tt.html Hi Warren
Customer: hi is there a number I can call to walk through a "configuration" I want to basically build a server
Agent: May I know your phone number and what time is best to contact you? We will have someone to reach you for this inquiry
Customer: i would rather call or schedule a call I can do now.
Agent: Can I have your phone number please? We will call you right away
Customer: 404-428-9165
Agent: We will call you shortly for helping you on the configuration. Thank you! Can I help you with anything else?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi David
Customer: Hello mark We are looking for MCP-290-00054-0N  rails x 10.  Do you have? Customer was queued because Mark had lost internet connection Joe joined the chat
Agent: Hi David! 
Customer: hi Joe
Agent: Looking for 10 pcs MCP-290-00054-0N ?
Customer: corrrect
Agent: I will make an inventory request and email you at dbeinstein@vibrant.com when they are ready for you Hi David ! 
Customer: Hi.  i was chatting with mark but lost the chat
Agent: I will make an inventory request for 10 pcs MCP-290-00054-0N and email you at dbeinstein@vibrant.com when they are ready for you Hi David!  Please don't close the chat window I will make an inventory request for 10 pcs MCP-290-00054-0N and email you at dbeinstein@vibrant.com when they are ready for you
Customer: thank you
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: that will do it.  thanks
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Christian
Customer: hi Liz. I need a 1U server capable of supporting a Quadro RTX4000 GPU, with an sckt 2011-3 system board. The SYS-110P seems close but only seems to come with scalable CPUs any other suggestions?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: no worries..
Agent: Please bear with me for a few more minutes while I check for you. 
Customer: not a problem... you are helping me... least i can do is be patient :)
Agent: You can check this server SYS-6019U-TR4 
https://www.supermicro.com/products/system/1u/6019/SYS-6019U-TR4.cfm The motherboard is X11. Is that ok with you?> I'm not sure with the  an sckt 2011-3 system board. Can you explain a little bit for this?
Customer:  The Quadro RTX 4000 requires an 8 pin supplemental power connector.. Does this system have that ? And does thuis system come in a single CPU variant? the board in the server you suggested is a Dual Socket P (LGA 3647)
Agent: Oh I see. You just one 1 CPU server only?
Customer: yes, we dont need a dual CPU model... socket 2011-v3 is a last gen socket. It just needs to be that or better
Agent: I see. Let me check if we carry any 1CPU server that can support RTX4000
Customer: the big concern is the ability to support the Quadro RTX 4000.. I Thanks!!! The RTX 4k takes 160W from the board and another 125w from the supplimental...I was shocked...
Agent: Currently, we don't have any rackmount server that has 1 CPU supports RTX4000, unfortunately. However, we have workstation server that is 1CPU and can support this GPU
Customer: i gotcha... No need to discuss the workstation unfortunately... They have to have the 1U FF due to space concerns... We may have to go with the much more manageable Quadro P4000 or the K4200. Thanks anyway, I appreciate all the help.
Agent: The SYS-6019U-TR4 is the 1U that can support the RTX4000 we current'y have . But it is 2 CPU 
Customer: I will present that to the guys on that project. Thanks again
Agent: You're welcome. Please let us know if you need any assistance Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: Christian Crews canceled the chat rating Christian Crews left the following comment: Liz did great and really tried to get me what I needed. Unfortunately the needed config was not available , but Liz damn sure tried!!
Agent: Hi Gordon! 
Customer: Joe - can not log into my account or reset the password, how do I place an order?
Agent: What is the email address for your eStore account ?
Customer: gordon@tagint.com
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  What screen does it show when you can't log in ?
Customer: Invalid login
Agent: Can you please show me a screenshot? Can you try with Incognito mode ?
Customer: same issue
Agent: You said you can't reset the password ?
Customer: here is copy of reset email PHN0eWxlIHR5cGU9InRleHQvY3NzIj4NCiAgICAvKiBHRU5FUkFMIFNUWUxF IFJFU0VUUyAqLw0KICAgIGJvZHksDQogICAgI2JvZHlUYWJsZSB7DQogICAg ICAgIGhlaWdodDogMTAwJSAhaW1wb3J0YW50Ow0KICAgICAgICB3aWR0aDog MTAwJSAhaW1wb3J0YW50Ow0KICAgICAgICBtYXJnaW46IDA7DQogICAgICAg IHBhZGRpbmc6IDA7DQogICAgfQ0KDQogICAgaW1nIHsNCiAgICAgICAgYm9y ZGVyOiAwIG5vbmU7DQogICAgICAgIGhlaWdodDogYXV0bzsNCiAgICAgICAg bGluZS1oZWlnaHQ6IDEwMCU7DQogICAgICAgIG91dGxpbmU6IG5vbmU7DQog ICAgICAgIHRleHQtZGVjb3JhdGlvbjogbm9uZTsNCiAgICB9DQoNCiAgICBh IGltZyB7DQogICAgICAgIGJvcmRlcjogMCBub25lOw0KICAgIH0NCg0KICAg IC5pbWFnZUZpeCB7DQogICAgICAgIGRpc3BsYXk6IGJsb2NrOw0KICAgIH0N Cg0KICAgIHRhYmxlLA0KICAgIHRkIHsNCiAgICAgICAgYm9yZGVyLWNvbGxh cHNlOiBjb2xsYXBzZTsNCiAgICB9DQoNCiAgICBodG1sLA0KICAgIGJvZHks DQogICAgdGFibGUsDQogICAgdGJvZHksDQogICAgdHIsDQogICAgdGQsDQog ICAgZGl2LA0KICAgIHAsDQogICAgdWwsDQogICAgb2wsDQogICAgbGksDQog ICAgaDEsDQogICAgaDIsDQogICAgaDMsDQogICAgaDQsDQogICAgaDUsDQog ICAgaDYgew0KICAgICAgICBtYXJnaW46IDA7DQogICAgICAgIHBhZGRpbmc6 IDA7DQogICAgfQ0KDQogICAgLyogQ0xJRU5ULVNQRUNJRklDIFJFU0VUUyAq Lw0KICAgIC5SZWFkTXNnQm9keSB7DQogICAgICAgIHdpZHRoOiAxMDAlOw0K ICAgIH0NCg0KICAgIC5FeHRlcm5hbENsYXNzIHsNCiAgICAgICAgd2lkdGg6 IDEwMCU7DQogICAgfQ0KDQogICAgLkV4dGVybmFsQ2xhc3MsDQogICAgLkV4 dGVybmFsQ2xhc3MgcCwNCiAgICAuRXh0ZXJuYWxDbGFzcyBzcGFuLA0KICAg IC5FeHRlcm5hbENsYXNzIGZvbnQsDQogICAgLkV4dGVybmFsQ2xhc3MgdGQs DQogICAgLkV4dGVybmFsQ2xhc3MgZGl2IHsNCiAgICAgICAgbGluZS1oZWln aHQ6IDEwMCU7DQogICAgfQ0KDQogICAgdGFibGUsDQogICAgdGQgew0KICAg ICAgICBtc28tdGFibGUtbHNwYWNlOiAwcHQ7DQogICAgICAgIG1zby10YWJs ZS1yc3BhY2U6IDBwdDsNCiAgICB9DQoNCiAgICBpbWcgew0KICAgICAgICAt bXMtaW50ZXJwb2xhdGlvbi1tb2RlOiBiaWN1YmljOw0KICAgIH0NCg0KICAg IGJvZHksDQogICAgdGFibGUsDQogICAgdGQsDQogICAgcCwNCiAgICBhLA0K ICAgIGxpLA0KICAgIGJsb2NrcXVvdGUgew0KICAgICAgICAtbXMtdGV4dC1z aXplLWFkanVzdDogMTAwJTsNCiAgICAgICAgLXdlYmtpdC10ZXh0LXNpemUt YWRqdXN0OiAxMDAlOw0KICAgIH0NCg0KICAgIC8qIENVU1RPTSBTVFlMRSBG T1IgR0xPQkFMKi8NCg0KICAgIGJvZHksDQogICAgdGQgew0KICAgICAgICBj b2xvcjogIzIyMjsNCiAgICAgICAgZm9udDogMTZweC8xLjNlbSAnU291cmNl IFNhbnMgUHJvJywgSGVsdmV0aWNhLCBBcmlhbCwgc2Fucy1zZXJpZjsNCiAg ICAgICAgZm9udDogMTVweC8xLjNlbSBWZXJkYW5hLCBBcmlhbCwgSGVsdmV0 aWNhLCBzYW5zLXNlcmlmOw0KICAgIH0NCg0KICAgIGgxIHsNCiAgICAgICAg Zm9udC1zaXplOiAxLjhlbTsNCiAgICAgICAgZm9udC13ZWlnaHQ6IGJvbGQ7 DQogICAgICAgIGxpbmUtaGVpZ2h0OiAxMzAlOw0KICAgIH0NCg0KICAgIGgz IHsNCiAgICAgICAgZm9udC1zaXplOiAxLjI3ZW07DQogICAgICAgIGZvbnQt d2VpZ2h0OiBib2xkOw0KICAgICAgICBsaW5lLWhlaWdodDogMTMwJTsNCiAg ICB9DQoNCiAgICBoMyB7DQogICAgICAgIGZvbnQtc2l6ZTogMS4xM2VtOw0K ICAgICAgICBmb250LXdlaWdodDogYm9sZDsNCiAgICAgICAgbGluZS1oZWln aHQ6IDEzMCU7DQogICAgfQ0KDQogICAgaDQgew0KICAgICAgICBmb250LXNp emU6IDFlbTsNCiAgICAgICAgZm9udC13ZWlnaHQ6IGJvbGQ7DQogICAgICAg IGxpbmUtaGVpZ2h0OiAxMzAlOw0KICAgIH0NCg0KICAgIGg1IHsNCiAgICAg ICAgZm9udC1zaXplOiAwLjkzZW07DQogICAgICAgIGZvbnQtd2VpZ2h0OiBi b2xkOw0KICAgICAgICBsaW5lLWhlaWdodDogMTMwJTsNCiAgICB9DQoNCiAg ICBhIHsNCiAgICAgICAgY29sb3I6ICMyMjI7DQogICAgICAgIHRleHQtZGVj b3JhdGlvbi1jb2xvcjogIzk2MTkxOTsNCiAgICB9DQo8L3N0eWxlPg0KPGNl bnRlcj4NCiAgICA8IS0tIEhlYWRlciBTVEFSVCAtLT4NCiAgICA8dGFibGUg Y2VsbHNwYWNpbmc9IjAiIGNlbGxwYWRkaW5nPSIwIiBib3JkZXI9IjAiIHdp ZHRoPSI2NTAiPg0KICAgICAgICA8dHI+DQogICAgICAgICAgICA8dGQgYWxp Z249ImxlZnQiIHN0eWxlPSJwYWRkaW5nLXRvcDoyMHB4OyBwYWRkaW5nLWJv dHRvbTo0MHB4Ij4NCiAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICA8YSBocmVmPSJodHRwczov L3VybGRlZmVuc2UucHJvb2Zwb2ludC5jb20vdjIvdXJsP3U9aHR0cHMtM0Ff X3N0b3JlLnN1cGVybWljcm8uY29tXyZkPUR3TUZhUSZjPWV1R1pzdGNhVERs bHZpbUVOOGI3alhyd3FPZi12NUFfQ2RwZ25WZmlpTU0mcj0wZUYzS2pQRWlY c0dfUzhZNjlINTdrU3NJNHgwUHA0eFYyTUN2U0N6RmNzJm09eDItMVhTRlFF aXpWbXJxb1BpMFNRY3lSRWhReWJlVWZHTmU2cmNZX1JKZyZzPUQ0X2VvNXBM ZlhaY0hlV21GVEZxZTBEdzZWZkFnbFFKR1BJT291cWpzN1UmZT0iPjxpbWcg c3JjPSJodHRwczovL3N0b3JlLnN1cGVybWljcm8uY29tL3B1Yi9zdGF0aWMv ZnJvbnRlbmQvU01DL2N1c3RvbVRoZW1lL2VuX1VTL2ltYWdlcy9lbWFpbC9z dXBlcm1pY3JvLnBuZyIgYWx0PSJTdXBlcm1pY3JvIGVTdG9yZSIgYm9yZGVy PSIwIj48L2E+DQogICAgICAgICAgICA8L3RkPg0KICAgICAgICA8L3RyPg0K ICAgIDwvdGFibGU+DQogICAgPCEtLSBIZWFkZXIgRU5EIC0tPg0KDQogICAg PCEtLSBHcmVldGluZyBTVEFSVCAtLT4NCiAgICA8dGFibGUgY2VsbHNwYWNp bmc9IjAiIGNlbGxwYWRkaW5nPSIwIiBib3JkZXI9IjAiIHdpZHRoPSI2NTAi Pg0KICAgICAgICA8dHI+DQogICAgICAgICAgICA8dGQgYWxpZ249ImxlZnQi Pg0KICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgIDxoMT5Gb3JnZXQgWW91ciBQYXNzd29yZD88 L2gxPg0KICAgICAgICAgICAgPC90ZD4NCiAgICAgICAgPC90cj4NCiAgICAg ICAgPHRyPg0KICAgICAgICAgICAgPHRkIGFsaWduPSJsZWZ0IiBzdHlsZT0i cGFkZGluZy10b3A6IDMwcHg7Ij4NCiAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICBIaSBHb3Jk b24gT3dlbiw8YnI+PGJyPg0KICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgIFdlIHJlY2VpdmVk IGEgcmVxdWVzdCB0byByZXNldCB0aGUgcGFzc3dvcmQgZm9yIHlvdXIgYWNj b3VudC4gVG8gcmVzZXQgeW91ciBwYXNzd29yZCBjbGljayBvbiB0aGUgcmVz ZXQgYnV0dG9uIGJlbG93Lg0KICAgICAgICAgICAgPC90ZD4NCiAgICAgICAg PC90cj4NCiAgICAgICAgPHRyPg0KICAgICAgICAgICAgPHRkIGFsaWduPSJj ZW50ZXIiIHN0eWxlPSJwYWRkaW5nLXRvcDogMzBweDsiPg0KICAgICAgICAg ICAgICAgIDx0YWJsZSBjZWxsc3BhY2luZz0iMCIgY2VsbHBhZGRpbmc9IjAi Pg0KICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICA8dHI+DQogICAgICAgICAgICAgICAg ICAgICAgICA8dGQgYmdjb2xvcj0iIzk2MTkxOSI+DQogICAgICAgICAgICAg ICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgPGEgaHJlZj0iaHR0cHM6Ly91cmxkZWZlbnNlLnBy b29mcG9pbnQuY29tL3YyL3VybD91PWh0dHBzLTNBX19zdG9yZS5zdXBlcm1p Y3JvLmNvbV9jdXN0b21lcl9hY2NvdW50X2NyZWF0ZVBhc3N3b3JkXy0zRnRv a2VuLTNEd2xxVDk1ZkJjMzVVZlFYWFNtanZ6Y2tDakRWcFJQSFQmZD1Ed01G YVEmYz1ldUdac3RjYVREbGx2aW1FTjhiN2pYcndxT2YtdjVBX0NkcGduVmZp aU1NJnI9MGVGM0tqUEVpWHNHX1M4WTY5SDU3a1NzSTR4MFBwNHhWMk1DdlND ekZjcyZtPXgyLTFYU0ZRRWl6Vm1ycW9QaTBTUWN5UkVoUXliZVVmR05lNnJj WV9SSmcmcz1pZnpwSGcwa2xhSDZNYTd5cVNiclIyTmdWODlrZGkta3QtSnB3 d2Z5ZTE0JmU9IiB0YXJnZXQ9Il9ibGFuayIgc3R5bGU9InBhZGRpbmc6IDEx cHggMTNweDsgYm9yZGVyOiAxcHggc29saWQgIzk2MTkxOTtmb250LXNpemU6 IDE4cHg7IGNvbG9yOiAjZmZmZmZmO3RleHQtZGVjb3JhdGlvbjogbm9uZTtk aXNwbGF5OiBpbmxpbmUtYmxvY2s7IGxpbmUtaGVpZ2h0OjE7Ij4NCiAgICAg ICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgUmVzZXQgUGFzc3dvcmQgICAg ICAgICAgICANCiAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICA8L2E+DQog ICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgICA8L3RkPg0KICAgICAgICAgICAgICAg ICAgICA8L3RyPg0KICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgIDwvdGFibGU+DQogICAgICAg ICAgICA8L3RkPg0KICAgICAgICA8L3RyPg0KICAgICAgICA8dHI+DQogICAg ICAgICAgICA8dGQgYWxpZ249ImxlZnQiIHN0eWxlPSJwYWRkaW5nLXRvcDog MzBweDsiPg0KICAgICAgICAgICAgICAgIEhhdmluZyB0cm91YmxlPyBJZiBj bGlja2luZyB0aGUgbGluayBkb2Vzbid0IHdvcmsgcGxlYXNlIGNvcHkgYW5k IHBhc3RlIHRoZSBVUkwgaW50byB5b3VyIGJyb3dzZXIgaW5zdGVhZC4gIDxh IGhyZWY9Imh0dHBzOi8vdXJsZGVmZW5zZS5wcm9vZnBvaW50LmNvbS92Mi91 cmw/dT1odHRwcy0zQV9fc3RvcmUuc3VwZXJtaWNyby5jb21fY3VzdG9tZXJf YWNjb3VudF9jcmVhdGVQYXNzd29yZF8tM0Z0b2tlbi0zRHdscVQ5NWZCYzM1 VWZRWFhTbWp2emNrQ2pEVnBSUEhUJmQ9RHdNRmFRJmM9ZXVHWnN0Y2FURGxs dmltRU44YjdqWHJ3cU9mLXY1QV9DZHBnblZmaWlNTSZyPTBlRjNLalBFaVhz R19TOFk2OUg1N2tTc0k0eDBQcDR4VjJNQ3ZTQ3pGY3MmbT14Mi0xWFNGUUVp elZtcnFvUGkwU1FjeVJFaFF5YmVVZkdOZTZyY1lfUkpnJnM9aWZ6cEhnMGts YUg2TWE3eXFTYnJSMk5nVjg5a2RpLWt0LUpwd3dmeWUxNCZlPSIgdGFyZ2V0 PSJfYmxhbmsiPmh0dHBzOi8vc3RvcmUuc3VwZXJtaWNyby5jb20vY3VzdG9t ZXIvYWNjb3VudC9jcmVhdGVQYXNzd29yZC8/dG9rZW49d2xxVDk1ZkJjMzVV ZlFYWFNtanZ6Y2tDakRWcFJQSFQ8L2E+DQogICAgICAgICAgICA8L3RkPg0K ICAgICAgICA8L3RyPg0KICAgICAgICA8dHI+DQogICAgICAgICAgICA8dGQg YWxpZ249ImxlZnQiIHN0eWxlPSJwYWRkaW5nLXRvcDogMjBweDsiPg0KICAg ICAgICAgICAgICAgIElmIHlvdSBkaWQgbm90IG1ha2UgdGhpcyByZXF1ZXN0 LCB5b3UgY2FuIGlnbm9yZSB0aGlzIG1lc3NhZ2UgYW5kIHlvdXIgcGFzc3dv cmQgd2lsbCByZW1haW4gdGhlIHNhbWUuIFBsZWFzZSBjb250YWN0IHVzIHZp YSA8YSBocmVmPSJtYWlsdG86ZXN0b3JlLXN1cHBvcnRAc3VwZXJtaWNyby5j b20iIHRhcmdldD0iX2JsYW5rIj5lbWFpbDwvYT4gb3IgPGEgaHJlZj0iaHR0 cHM6Ly91cmxkZWZlbnNlLnByb29mcG9pbnQuY29tL3YyL3VybD91PWh0dHBz LTNBX19iaXQubHlfZVN0b3JlLTVGZm9yZ290cHctNUZsaXZlY2hhdCZkPUR3 TUZhUSZjPWV1R1pzdGNhVERsbHZpbUVOOGI3alhyd3FPZi12NUFfQ2RwZ25W ZmlpTU0mcj0wZUYzS2pQRWlYc0dfUzhZNjlINTdrU3NJNHgwUHA0eFYyTUN2 U0N6RmNzJm09eDItMVhTRlFFaXpWbXJxb1BpMFNRY3lSRWhReWJlVWZHTmU2 cmNZX1JKZyZzPTJUUnZ0RmtuMGJmWVhkQ1hlbnFxTFgzcjJRYllVS1hfbDBh UXpZSm90VW8mZT0iIHRhcmdldD0iX2JsYW5rIj5saXZlIGNoYXQ8L2E+IHdp dGggYW55IHF1ZXN0aW9ucy4NCiAgICAgICAgICAgIDwvdGQ+DQogICAgICAg IDwvdHI+DQogICAgICAgIDx0cj4NCiAgICAgICAgICAgIDx0ZCBhbGlnbj0i bGVmdCIgc3R5bGU9InBhZGRpbmctdG9wOiAyMHB4OyI+DQogICAgICAgICAg ICAgICAgVGhhbmsgeW91LDxicj4gU3VwZXJtaWNybyBlU3RvcmUNCiAgICAg ICAgICAgIDwvdGQ+DQogICAgICAgIDwvdHI+DQogICAgPC90YWJsZT4NCiAg ICA8IS0tIEdyZWV0aW5nIEVORCAtLT4NCg0KICAgIDwhLS0gQ29weSBSaWdo dCBTVEFSVCAtLT4NCiAgICA8dGFibGUgY2VsbHNwYWNpbmc9IjAiIGNlbGxw YWRkaW5nPSIwIiBib3JkZXI9IjAiIHdpZHRoPSI2NTAiPg0KICAgICAgICA8 dHI+DQogICAgICAgICAgICA8dGQgc3R5bGU9InBhZGRpbmctdG9wOiA0MHB4 OyI+PC90ZD4NCiAgICAgICAgPC90cj4NCiAgICAgICAgPHRyPg0KICAgICAg ICAgICAgPHRkIHN0eWxlPSJib3JkZXItdG9wOjFweCBzb2xpZCAjNTQ1NjVh Ij48L3RkPg0KICAgICAgICA8L3RyPg0KICAgICAgICA8dHI+DQogICAgICAg ICAgICA8dGQgc3R5bGU9InBhZGRpbmctYm90dG9tOiAxMHB4OyI+PC90ZD4N CiAgICAgICAgPC90cj4NCiAgICAgICAgPHRyPg0KICAgICAgICAgICAgPHRk IGFsaWduPSJjZW50ZXIiIHN0eWxlPSJjb2xvcjojYjFiMWIxO2ZvbnQtc2l6 ZTowLjhlbTsiPkNvcHlyaWdodCDCqTIwMjIgU3VwZXJtaWNybyBlU3RvcmUg fCBBbGwgUmlnaHRzIFJlc2VydmVkLjwvdGQ+DQogICAgICAgIDwvdHI+DQog ICAgICAgIDx0cj4NCiAgICAgICAgICAgIDx0ZCBzdHlsZT0icGFkZGluZy10 b3A6IDQwcHg7Ij48L3RkPg0KICAgICAgICA8L3RyPg0KICAgIDwvdGFibGU+ DQogICAgPCEtLSBDb3B5IFJpZ2h0IEVORCAtLT4NCjwvY2VudGVyPgo
Agent: It seems like that it is your firewall issue. Please wait, we are looking into how to help with this situation Please bear with me for a few more minutes while I check for you.  We just sent you a password reset email Have you gotten it ?
Customer: Looks the same as the last one Both of the ones just received are same
Agent: We would like to reset your password for you. Can we have the permission to login to your account ?
Customer: I will try later
Agent: If we have your permission now then we can login to your account to reset the password so later on you can just login and purchase
Customer: I need to purchase an additional 4 MCP-220-93801-0B components
Agent: Hi Steven, let me check for you
Customer: how many are in stock
Agent: So you're looking for 6 pcs?
Customer: 4 previous order ORDER #1000022616 need 4 more
Agent: Oh ok understood
Customer: the chassic only allows 8
Agent: Currently, we only have 2 pcs available so I'll have to request for 2 more, which could take several hours to be available.  I can email you back once they are all available 
Customer: understood. I believe using estore-order@supermicro.com
Agent: Yeah we'll be emailing from that account
Customer: then the part # will be enough info to purchase
Agent: shimshone100@gmail.com correct?
Customer: yes
Agent: ok great yeah the email will let you know once all 4 pcs are available. if there are any delays to the inventory transfer, I'll let you know later but hopefully not
Customer: Question who in the company can I talk to for a discussion about the motherboard I purchased. In the specs it said ony win 16 & 19 will work with it. But I found a way with the BIOS to work with win 10 pro. been using it since last oct 2021
Agent: Oh nice, what motherboard was it? For these type of questions, I'd recommend contacting the technical support team at support@supermicro.com  They usually will put out FAQs for these type of solutions if the OS hasn't been qualified but does work like in your case, I think engineering has to validate though
Customer: if people knew that this board MBD-H12SSL-CT-P works wint win10 the sales would go through the roof
Agent: Ahh that is good to know. It's a fairly new board. I wonder if Windows 11 would work too 
Customer: I am using a AMD EPYC 7742 64 core processor very fast together
Agent: I guess it's just not qualified, but it could work. 
Customer: their are limitations. cant work with xp of win7
Agent: ahh too old of OS maybe
Customer: just had to figure out how to setup bios correctly and I know it
Agent: Glad you figured it out
Customer: well wanted to test win 7. no go
Agent: Ah
Customer: so who would like to knw this information?
Agent: Most likely technical support and then they can work with our validation engineers on this too
Customer: The only issue was the LAN connection did not work. But supermicro has an update package to download for the board then it wrk perfectly
Agent: Oh I see like a driver?
Customer: yes  a driver
Agent: Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: NXE_Point_Drop_BDrvNXE_Inst_v216.0.4.1 no just wanted to let someone know that this board is compatiable with win10 pro
Agent: Ok sounds good, I would contact technical support to let them know as well! 
Customer: the fact that I have been using it for 6 months and playing MSFS2020 flight simuator very fast
Agent: Nice, glad its working well!
Customer: bye
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Avi
Customer: hello, i tried placing an order into my cart but was told that you might not have enough drive
Agent: Can i get the drive you are trying to get?
Customer: 18TB 3.5 Exos I need 16
Agent: i see, please give me a moment to check into this. 
Customer: sure
Agent: Looks like we need to update our inventory. Is it okay if i can email you at avig@rocktone.net once its done?
Customer: ok, but I have 2 more questions does this setup with 16 SATA drives handle Raid 6 and does the system come with Windows Server OS, if not do you offer it
Agent: The onboard SATA controller only supports SATA3 (6Gbps) with RAID 0, 1, 5, 10.  if you want RAID 6, we may need to add a controller card It does support Windows Server OS
Customer: ok I was told by an earlier rep this set up should be able to handle Raid 6. I need Raid 6 can you install windows server os?
Agent: You would have to choose if you want OS install. 
Customer: i didn't see that option I do want it installed if possible
Agent: Right after Add On card there should be an option for OS
Customer: found it, thanks
Agent: I would have to double check on RAID 6. Please give me second.
Customer: ok
Agent: Can i get your full configuration?
Customer: is there a way to add it to my cart
Agent: Can you clarify what you mean by add it to my cart?
Customer: in the estore, that way you could see it
Agent: There should be enough for the drives you would like. Thank you!
Customer: this is what was sent to me a while ago it was supposed to be able to handle Raid 6
Agent: i see, Please give me moment to if this can handle RAID 6. 
Customer: ok
Agent: For RAID 6, we are going to confirm with our PM is supported with the current configuration you have. I can send you a full configuration link for you to buy once it's confirmed. 
Customer: ok, about how long do you think it will take?
Agent: Within a hour. 
Customer: ok, great, I'll look out for it
Agent: I'll be emailing avig@rocktone.net for the update.
Customer: great
Agent: Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: thats all
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello.  I want to confirm that our tax exempt is on file
Agent: Hi David, let me check
Customer: thanks
Agent: It looks like it from last year on a previous order. Just email eStore-support@supermicro.com referencing the newer order# Can I help you with anything else?  Hi Alec How can I help you today?
Customer: we have 20-30 super micro 4U rack mount servers with the 5 bay removable dry carriers.   does supormicro make a drive carrier with key locks? drive*
Agent: May I know your server part number?
Customer: I think they hot swap bays are this SUPERMICRO CSE-M35T-1B 3 x 5.25" to 5 x 3.5" Hot-swap SATA HDD Trays I don't have the chassis p/n in front of me they look like this.  https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/chassis/4U/842/SC842XTQC-R804B
Agent: Unfortunately, our eStore currently doesn't carry any drive tray with key lock on it. You can check with our sale team for the special modify Sales-USA@supermicro.com
Customer: that too bad.   we are being forced to add key locks to protect against insider threats at my employer
Agent: Oh I see. You might contact our Sale Team to see if they can help for the design
Customer: perhaps SM can recommend a third party drive carrier that is compatible? or are they proprietary?
Agent: I'm sorry I cannot recommended any third party drive carrier since I cannot checked on my end. 
Customer: seems like they should be a standard rail system
Agent: I saw we have some key lock drive tray before However, you might need to contact your sale rep or sale team for that
Customer: perhaps SM should re-consider offering drive try with key locks.   the world is no longer a safe place.  trust no-one tray* thanks anyway
Agent: I will pass this note for our manager. 
Customer: ok
Agent: Thank you so much Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: not at the moment
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Dag
Customer: Hi. How loud is that chassis?
Agent: Please give me a moment to look into this.
Customer: Thanks. We don't have a fully dedicated server room, quiet is better for us.
Agent: I would have to check internally for this. Can email you back at dag.lohmann@katrisk.com once i get this information?
Customer: That would be great. I looked on the website and couldn't see anything.
Agent: What is your full configuration for this system?
Customer: SuperStorage Server
CPU:Dual 2nd Generation Intel® Xeon® Scalable Processor
Chassis: 4U / 1 Node
Drive: 45 Hot-Swap 3.5" (or 2.5") SAS3/SATA3 
RAM: 24 DDR4 DIMM Slots
Network Port:1 RJ45 Dedicated IPMI LAN Port
Agent: Thank you!
Customer: maxed out Intel® Xeon® Gold 5220R Processor 24-Core 2.20 GHz 35.75MB Cache (150W) 64GB DDR4 2933MHz ECC RDIMM Server Memory x 24 18TB 3.5" Exos X18 7200 RPM SATA3 6Gb/s 256MB Cache 512E/4Kn Hard Drive thank you. Hi, I am trying to order -> Supermicro Out of Band (OOB) Software License Key (SFT-OOB-LIC) to Sweden
Agent: Hi Haris! 
Customer: But it seams I can only enter USA address for e-shop Is this going to be a problem for payment? I would like to pay via credit card
Agent: Yes, you will need an US based credit card for payment Which has an US billing address tied to it
Customer: What other option do  you have?
Agent: We do have ACH payment, however it only can take US banks as well Would you like resellers' list so you can purchase locally ?
Customer: OK...
Agent: https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy
Customer: No need for that than. I have the list OK!
Agent: I see
Customer: I will contact one of your resellers.
Agent: Sounds good Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Thank You.
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Have a nice day! Bye!
Agent: Thanks! you too!
Customer: Hi Joe — thanks for your assistance yesterday, just completed ACH verification for order 1000024394 but it's not showing up in my account? Please can you confirm if the order is live, and if so, when it should ship?
Agent: Hi Luke ! Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: Thank you, I appreciate it!
Agent: This is what I can see after you verified your ACH account : 
Thank you, your account has been verified and all associated orders will now be processed. Please note that it may take up to 5 business days for the bank transfer to arrive to us. As soon as the payment arrives, you will automatically be notified by email and your order will be fulfilled. Can I help you with anything else?  So far your order is alive for sure and the order ship be shipped after the bank transfer the fund to Supermicro which will take 5 business days 
Customer: Okay do you know why I can't see that in my account?
Agent: Do you have the email titled "Supermicro eStore: New Order #1000024394" ? When you click "View verification page here.", the message will show in the next page
Customer: The verification link works
Agent: Sounds good.
Customer: and the link in the email shows this
Agent: The order will be shipped after the bank transfers the fund to Supermicro which will take 5 business days.
Customer: Okay okay I'll sit tight Thanks for looking into this for me, much appreciated!
Agent: You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: No that's all good Have a good evening! I am looking for a power distribution board.  PDB-PT112-2424.  Is that available.
Agent: Hi Daryl, let me check for you I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry that product on our eStore. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy  Can I help you with anything else?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Aref How can I help you?
Customer: Hi Liz, So regarding this product Supermicro SATA Flat Straight-Straight 57.5cm Cable (CBL-0044L) We have unused stock and we were wondering if we could return these and get credit for it?
Agent: May I know your eStore order number please? Hi Matthew
Customer: Hello Mark. I am looking to see what HDD's you have in large quantity I need to put together about 500TB of storage in a server, and I am having a bit of trouble getting available drives when trying to cart
Agent: I see. What capacity are you looking from and how many of those? Also for what server would this be for?
Customer: I think it will all depend on the stock of drives at this point do you have a large stock of anything 10TB or larger?
Agent: Please give me second. 
Customer: no problem
Agent: Is it possible to get the Suprmicro server/motherboard part number that you are planning to us these drive for?
Customer: sure 	
Supermicro 4U SuperStorage Server (SSG-6049P-E1CR45H) this would be one option
Agent: Thank you. Please give me moment to see what we have for this system. 
Customer: another option would be SSG-640SP-E1CR60
Agent: Please bear with me, so i can see what i can find for these two systems.  I found HDD-3A18T-1FECR https://store.supermicro.com/18tb-sas3-hdd-a18t-st18000nm004j.html I would have to do inventory change but i would have know how many first you would like. if you want to do 10TB we have HDD-3A10T-1FECR https://store.supermicro.com/10tb-sas-hdd-a10t-st10000nm002g.html
Customer: For the 18Tb it would be at least 30, for the 10TB it would be at least 45 I am not ready to purchase, so please dont do anything exceptional. I am just trying to see about availability.
Agent: We don't have enough on eStore but we can ask for inventory change to have enough for 30 of 18TB or 45 of 10TB.
Customer: actually, i do have one more chassis and drive lookup SYS-620C-TN12R Looking for 12 x 8 ro 10TB drives 8TB
Agent: Please give me second to look availability for this chassis  Any preference between SAS or SATA?
Customer: SATA or NL SAS
Agent: Okay. Please bear with me for a few more minutes while I check for you. 
Customer: not a problem, i appreciate your assistance
Agent: for 8TB we have HDD-3T08T-1FECR https://store.supermicro.com/8tb-sata3-hdd-t8000-st8000nm000a.html
Customer: Are there 12 of them?
Agent: We would have to do invetory change.
Customer: Ok. This is something we would like to order. There is another estore account I need to use for the cart, or can you provide a quote directly?
Agent: When you are set to order, let us know so we can start the inventory transfer and email you when they are ready.  To get quote please fill out https://store.supermicro.com/quote#HDD-T8000-ST8000NM000A
Customer: ok, let me login now and I'll let you know when i'm ready to cart it
Agent: our quote agent will answer him shortly
Customer: ok, i am ready to try and add to cart There is only 1 8TB drive, however there is one labeled 3TB but looks like it might be an 8TB since it is between the 6 and 8TB drives
Agent: I would need to transfer inventory from warehouse to or  or eStore* This can take a while to process. When i get an update i can email you once the are ready. 
Customer: ok, that sounds good.
Agent: If you would like a quote before you purchase you would have to fill out  https://store.supermicro.com/quote#HDD-T8000-ST8000NM000A. Then one of our Agents well contact you with the quote and when they are ready to purchase.
Customer: Do you think the transfer will be done before tomorrow?
Agent: Sounds good. i want to confirm this is going to be for 12xHDD-3T08T-1FECR https://store.supermicro.com/8tb-sata3-hdd-t8000-st8000nm000a.html for the system SYS-620C-TN12R?
Customer: Yes on the system. We want 12 x 8TB drives, but I am not sur which drive in the selection is the drive you specified. There is only 1 8TB drive listed, so I can only assume this is the correct drive
Agent: Are you trying to purchase a system?
Customer: Yes the other drives I was inquiring about were for a system we are quoting out, so I just needed to find out about availability. The 12 x 8TB drives is something we are actively trying to purchase
Agent: i see, so you are trying to buy one of these systems SSG-640SP-E1CR60 or SSG-6049P-E1CR45H.  for SYS-620C-TN12R you just need the drives?
Customer: Sorry for the confusion. At this time SYS-620C-TN12R with 12 x 8TB drives is what I am looking to purchase
Agent: can i get your full configuration for SYS-620C-TN12R?
Customer: sure think how shall i provide that thing
Agent: Can you screenshot?
Customer: sure
Agent: Thank you. Please give me second to duplicate this. 
Customer: Thats everything on the system, other than Windows Server 2019 Standard, AOC-S3916L-H16iR, and BTR-CVPM05
Agent: Please bear with me for a few more minutes.
Customer: no problem
Agent: We updated the drives. Would you like to buy now?
Customer: How does that work?
Agent: If you want to purchase with the AOC-S3916L-H16iR, and BTR-CVPM05 we will need to do pre-config link for you.

Customer: ok, if you can send me a link I will open it under our company estore account and we can purchase from there
Agent: Sounds good is the email mkelley@sddatacenter.com best to reach you at?
Customer: For myself yes, the corporate eStore account is under sddc.vendor.account@sddatacenter.com
Agent: I want for confirm this is the configuration  with the AOC for BTR i would have check internally first. 
Customer: The drives should be 12x8TB and the AIOM should be the 10G sfp+
Agent: sorry this one:

May I confirm your configuration?
2 x Intel Xeon 4313
4 x 16GB DDR4 3200
12 x 8TB SATA HDD
 2 x 480GB 2.5" PM883 SSD
1 x10GB SFP+
RAID 1 for 2 480GB SSD
1x Windows Server 2019 Standard,
1x  AOC-S3916L-H16iR
 1x BTR-CVPM05
is that correct?
Customer: Yes, that is correct
Agent: awesome! ill email you once its ready. 
Customer: thank you very muc much I appreciate you help
Agent: You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: no thank you. have a great day.
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Gerardo ! 
Customer: hi
Agent: Are you looking to purchase SYS-E100-9W-H?
Customer: you can quote me yes I need to buy the following items E100-9W-H E100-9S MS-9B11-S1 4U-JMM02 one each
Agent: MS-9B11-S1 and 4U-JMM02 are not Supermicro products, are they ? We can get you server access so you can quote E100-9W-H and E100-9S on eStore. Can you please create an eStore account so I can request the access for you ? https://store.supermicro.com/customer/account/create/
Customer: ok, I'm already registered
Agent: With gerardo@zarcoelectronic.com Correct?
Customer: yes
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  Your account has server access now Please log out and log back in SYS-E100-9W-H https://store.supermicro.com/sys-e100-9w-h.html?utm=smcpp SYS-E100-9S https://store.supermicro.com/sys-e100-9s.html?queryID=7113cc391f8ffce6c9eb636a9a0a35e9&objectID=2965&indexName=supermicro_default_products Are you able to see the configurator?
Customer: SNK-P0068AP4 heat sink and fan, will this work with MBD-X11DPI-N-O & BX806954208
Agent: Hi Pete, let me check BX806954208 the CPU?
Customer: yes
Agent: Ok thanks, looks to be the 4208 Is this motherboard in a Supermicro chassis or case?
Customer: no
Agent: Ok Give me a moment while I check. 
Customer: this will be dual cpu set up MB in a Pedestal case by chenbro
Agent: That Heatsink is not compatible with this motherboard socket since it has a square mounting mechanism, it needs a narrow mounting mechanism.  Let me find one that is compatible How big is the case?
Customer: 4u tower
Agent: Ok thanks SNK-P0068APS4 should work: https://store.supermicro.com/2u-active-cpu-cooler-x11-snk-p0068aps4.html 
Customer: ok, Thank you for your help
Agent: You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: thats all
Agent: Sounds good! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Marc How can I help you?
Customer: We just boght 4 of these servers with 4 4TB HDD ..  configured as raid. Having issues trying to install RHEL 8.5 it does not see the HHD Says no HDD in system?
Agent: I'm sorry to hear that. Do you have any screen shot or picture for this issue?
Customer: I am not at the machines unfortunately...  they are in Austin i am in atlanta..  arghh..  Someone is there.. I am doing long dist support we had hoped to get RHEL installed so I could remote into them to setup the rest of the system
Agent: Oh. I see. This will be hard for me to address the issue to tech support. Maybe the best way for you to contact our technical support for this issue. They will help you on this issue. You can contact them at : Support@Supermicro.com
or Tel: +1 408-503-8000  option 2
Customer: thanks. I will give them a call
Agent: I'm so sorry for this inconvenience Sound good! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: no thanks for the info
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Peter
Customer: Hello. I need 16 of these fans. FAN-0156L4
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  I will need to transfer inventory for  FAN-0156L4 to fulfill your order. It will take several hours to complete. Can I email you back via  peter@serverpoint.com when the stock for FAN-0156L4 is ready?
Customer: Send it to Lvp1138@gmail.com. I will get the notice there faster. Or just copy both addresses
Agent: Awesome! I will email you in both email address as soon as the stock is ready Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: thanks Liz! Nop. That is all. Have a great day!
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Thank you!
Customer: Hello, I'm attempting to spec a server and when I go to add it to the cart it says 'please select all required options' however I don't see any additional options to select
Agent: Hi Mike!
Customer: Hello Liz
Agent: How can I help you today?
Customer: I may have found my issue - please give me a moment
Agent: Sure! Take your time.
Customer: Nope - didn't work I'm attempting to spec a server and when I go to add it to the cart it says 'please select all required options' however I don't see any additional options to select
Agent: Can I have your configuration please? I will try to duplicate your case on my end Are you working on the SYS-120U-TNR server? Hello Mike
Customer: Sorry - my browser glitched and I lost the chat box for a minute
Agent: No problem 🙂
 Are you working on the SYS-120U-TNR server?
Customer: Yes
Agent: Thank you! Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: Thanks
Agent: Please bear with me for a few more minutes while I check for you. 
Customer: No problem - thanks
Agent: I also got the same issue with you. Please give me a moment to check if everything is in stock
Customer: Thanks
Agent: Everything is in stock on my end. There is maybe the problem with the website. I will need to check with our web development team on this issue. Can I email you back via miked@10techsolutions.com as soon as the problem is resolved?
Customer: That would be great, thanks.  Will support options be available to view and select once the server is added to the cart?
Agent: Once you successfully add the system to cart. You should be able to see your selection in the shopping cart 
Customer: I should be able to see the options for support?

I didn't see any support options on the main configuration page
Agent: I'm sorry. Can you explain the support option?
Customer: Warranty options
Agent: Oh. For the warranty, we currently don't have that option. It will be coming up in the future. Currently, Warranty should be the 3 year labor, 3 year parts, 1 year cross shipment when you purchase the system with our eStore
Customer: OK. Thanks
Agent: You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: I'll just wait to hear from you about the website.  THanks.
Agent: I already reached to our webteam for this issue. I will email you as soon as the problem is solved
Customer: Thanks.  Have a good one
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Nicolas
Customer: Hello Liz
Agent: How can I help you today?
Customer: I am inquiring if you have 24 of this part number available: ST4000NM002A
Agent: Is this the drive you looking for?
https://store.supermicro.com/4tb-sata3-hdd-t4000-st4000nm002a.html
Customer: It is
Agent: Thank you. Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: Thank you
Agent: I will need to transfer the inventory for this drive. Can I email you back via nfeisthamel@mtiss.com when the stock is ready? It will take some hours to transfer.
Customer: Yes, thank you.
Agent: You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: No, that was all.
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: You as well!
Agent: Thank you! Hi John
Customer:  Unable to place order
Notice: Undefined variable: totalTaxableValue in /var/www/html/app/code/SMC/SalesTax/Soap/SapTax.php on line 479 
Supermicro Out of Band (OOB) Software License Key (SFT-OOB-LIC)
Qty 2
$54.00
View Details

Select Your Motherboard/System Model
    X10SRi-F
Agent: I'm sorry to hear that. Please give me a moment while I check for you.  Please bear with me for a few more minutes while I check for you.  I'm sorry for the waiting. I'm contacting our  development team and they are looking in this issue.  Can I know your billing address, please?
Customer: 3260 Night Breeze ln, Lake Mary Fl, 32746
Agent: It should be the zip code issue. Do you happen to know your 9 digits zip code?
Customer: 32746-1838 just looked it up that is the same as is on the web form
Agent: Do you mean you still have the issue when you input all 9 digits in your billing address area?
Customer: yes John Caballero
Enterprise Florida
3260 NIGHT BREEZE LN
LAKE MARY, 32746-1838
United States
4079565626
Agent: I see. Please give me a moment while I check for you.  Can I email you back via jcaballero@enterpriseflorida.com? We will need to check internally for this issue and it should take a while
Customer: yes
Agent: I'm so sorry for this incovenience. I will get back to you via email as soon as it is resolved. Is there anything else I may help you with today?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com 
Customer: are there any discounts for non-profits and since we are having issues?
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we don't have any discount at the moment. Can you please try to check out again?  Our development team already set the address for you. Please let me know if you still got any issues Please also try in incognito or new browser if possible when you try check out again We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Pam. 
Customer: Hi, are there any estimated lead times/availability for 2 ea Hynix hma81gu7crj8n-vk? TY
Agent: Is for this memory MEM-DR480LB-EU26 https://store.supermicro.com/8gb-ddr4-2666-mem-dr480l-hl01-eu26.html?
Customer: Yes, actually need 4 ea
Agent: I am going to see internally if i can request an inventory transfer, if not I'll get the ETA for you. Is the email yksuh@avanu.com best to reach you at?
Customer: Yes that is correct.  Thank you very much! Have a good day
Agent: You're welcome! I'll email you as soon i get an update. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!   Hi Doug, how can I help you?
Customer: Where can I buy this motherboard? SuperMicro X11SPL-F
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry any motherboards on our eStore. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy  Otherwise, you can try checking with Sales at Sales-USA@supermicro.com Can I help you with anything else?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Jesse
Customer: Hi! Can you tell me the barebones prices of that unit?
Agent: Do you ask for the price of SYS-110D-4C-FRAN8TP barebone?
Customer: Yes please
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry SYS-110D-4C-FRAN8TP on our eStore, so we don't know the price of its barebone. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy 
Customer: Okay thank you.
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else?  Hi Martin. 
Customer: I am looking for information on how to become a SuperMicro reseller.
Agent: To become Supermicro reseller, You can contact our Sale team at Sales-USA@supermicro.com 
Tel: +1 408-503-8000
 
Customer: Thanks
Agent: Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: No that is it.  Thanks again.
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: I need 15 ea of this P/N. It is a power supply. 	PWS-1K23A-1R
Agent: Hi Dan, let me check availability for you Please bear with me for a few more minutes while I check for you.  We'll have to check with our PM on this power supply as it is currently out of stock with no ETA when we'll get more. I can email you once I get an update. 
Customer: Thanks
Agent: You're welcome Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Not right now thanks.
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Kevin How may I help you today?
Customer: Looking for availability of a SYS-E100-9W-L
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry SYS-E100-9W-L on our eStore, but we have the similar one which is SYS-E100-9W-H. 
https://store.supermicro.com/sys-e100-9w-h.html?queryID=5fa0140baef69118f95d7f96398bc953&objectID=2966&indexName=supermicro_default_products Can you be able to see the link?
Customer: I can. So just go through the configure?
Agent: Do you have an account with our eStore?
Customer: I think so
Agent: Is this under kevin@murine.org?
Customer: Yes So the only model you have in stock is the -H?
Agent: Yes. Are you interested in it?
Customer: If it has a short lead time.
Agent: Yes, here is an advantage when purchasing with us
• All of our configurations has been fully validated by our Supermicro system lab.
• We offer free shipping for all server orders. (limited time only)
• We offer blazing fast turnaround time 2-3 business days if you purchase something via our eStore configurator.
• Warranty is 3 years for server, 3 years for parts, and 1 year of cross—shipping. (limited time only)
• We may have more storage capacity on our eStore. (Please contact me if you don’t see any capacity available)  It just take 3-5 business days for the server is shipped to you
Customer: That all sounds great but could you let me know the lead time of the items?
Agent: The SYS-E100-9W-H is currently in stock and ready to build
Customer: If I ordered 15 would it still be in stock?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  Unfortunately, we don't have enough stock for you. 
Customer: How many do you have?
Agent: I'm sorry, may I know can you able to pay with the US credit card or ACH bank transfer?
Customer: Credit Card. I could get a ACH but it would take longer
Agent: Sound good. We should have 8 system currently. I would prefer credit card payment because it will be faster than the ACH If you placed order today it should ship early/middle of next week
Customer: Understood.  Let me reach out to my boss if I can move forward with the purchase.
Agent: May I know your configuration too? if possible
Customer: 2 x 8 GB and 1 TB NVMe When do you expect to get a restock?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  The restock should be in 1-2 weeks but I will need to double check internally
Customer: That is reasonable Do you expect to only carry the -H series or will you eventually carry the -L.  I'm also looking forward to the 12T refresh.  Do you have any insight when they may be available?
Agent: I don't think we will have the -L any time soon, unfortunately. Since the -L series doesn't available on our eStore yet
Customer: I've talked to a few vendors from WiredZone to MITX.  They've given me lead times ranging from 6-10 weeks to as long as 16-22 weeks.
Agent: Do you mean for the -H or -L series?
Customer: -L Is MITX an authorized vendor by the way?
Agent: I see. We don't have the -L on our eStore unfortunately
Customer: No problem
Agent: We currently only have the -H series and ready  to build
Customer: I understand that but are you able to tell me if MITX is an authorized vendor?
Agent: I cannot find the MITX on our resellers or distributors list They might not authorized vendor from us.
Customer: Understood, I appreciate you letting me know.
Agent: You're welcome. 
Customer: Last question, do you have any visibility when the 12T would become availble?
Agent: Can I have the full part number for the 12T?
Customer: https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/system/Box_PC/SYS-E100-12T-L.cfm
Agent: Thank you. Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: I understand that you'll likely only carry the -H variant of that line.
Agent: Yes, that's correct For the 12T series, I'll have to check internally since I'm not able to see anything for this p/n on my end.
Customer: Would you be able to shoot me an email if there is an expected date? Otherwise I'll go ahead with the 8 EA order later today
Agent: Sure. I can email you as soon as I have any expected date for the 12T series.
Customer: Awesome, thank you Liz.
Agent: Sound great! Please let me know if you need any assistance  You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: One now that I think of it, do you offer any discount volume pricing and if so when does it kick in?
Agent: We can discount the free shipping for you, but no volume discount at the moment unfortunately free ground shipping
Customer: Worth asking, thank you.
Agent: Sound good!
Customer: A final suggestion is you should ask you management to update the Authorized Vendor List.  A lot of the weblinks I used for the west coast are dead.  Like PCMall, SuperBiz, not sure of others that are dead. Otherwise I don't need anything else.  Thank you for your time Liz.
Agent: Sure. I will pass your suggestion to our management. You're welcome. 
Customer: Thank you, have a nice day
Agent: Thank you. It  is my pleasure to assist you. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Kevin Harada left the following comment: Liz was very helpful in answering my question both fully and quickly.
Agent: Hi Demetrius
Customer: Hello, I have the X12STL-IF board and there is a JSATA1 jumper that is the SATA connector for SATA 0-3 on the Mobo, but I cannot find a cable/connector to make that work it seems to be a single connector for all 4 SATA connectors
Agent: Please give me a second to look into this. 
Customer: thank you
Agent: This should work CBL-SAST-0948 https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-minisas-hd-to-4-sata-60-60-60-60cm-with-sideband-cable-cbl-sast-0948.html
Customer: Great! thank you. is that what the connector is called, miniSAS?
Agent: miniSAS HD
Customer: Thank you sir. much appreciated
Agent: Of course! Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: no, that is very helpful thank you
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Do you have SAST-1264-100?
Agent: Hi Deborah, I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry that product on our eStore. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy 
Customer: I meant CBL-SAST-1264-100 Usually cables are available on estore
Agent: Yeah I figured it out, but we don't have this particular one unfortunately.  Usually we do like you said, but not that one
Customer: Ok, so does that mean it is not readily available?
Agent: Not from eStore, but for other vendors or Sales team, it may be
Customer: ok i will check
Agent: You can try checking with Sales too at Sales-USA@supermicro.com if you can't find it with our resellers Can I help you with anything else?  Hi Deborah How may I help you today?
Customer: Is this available: CBL-SAST-1229-100
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  Unfortunately, we do not carry this cable on our eStore. 
Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy 
Customer: ok PWS-502-PQ available?
Agent: Hi Prit Currently out of stock. How many would you like?
Customer: 6
Agent: I would have to check internally for this. Going to see i can request inventory transfer, if not ill can get the ETA. Is it okay if i can email you back at sales@megamicrodevices.com when i get update?
Customer: yes please
Agent: Sorry i just got update, this power supply is EOL.  There is a replacement for this, would you like the replacement SKU number?
Customer: no but please give me sku
Agent: PWS-668-PQ https://store.supermicro.com/668w-atx-pws-668-pq.html
Customer: thanks
Agent: For PWS-502-PQ, it won't be back to stock because it already EOL.
Customer: Hello Kyle
Agent: Hi Nicholas
Customer: I chatted with your associate, Liz, earlier today. I was inquiring about the availability of some Seagate hard drives and just wanted to check back in.
Agent: Let me check on that
Customer: Thank you
Agent: It looks like the inventory transfer request was submitted and just needs to be completed from the warehouse end before they are made available. Once we get an update, Liz will email. Sorry it's taking so long. 
Customer: That's fine, as I said I just wanted to check in. Thank you for checking on that for me.
Agent: You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: That was That was all, sorry
Agent: Ok sounds good! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day and weekend, goodbye! 
Customer: You as well!
Agent: Hi Craig
Customer: Hello.  Is cable CBL-0068L in stock?
Agent: The cable is in stock CBL-0068L https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-16-pin-front-control-panel-split-extension-61cm-cable-cbl-0068l.html How many are you planning to purchase?
Customer: 2
Agent: Please give me second to check. Please bear with me for a few more minutes. We are updating the inventory. 
Customer: ok
Agent: Can you please try again CBL-0068L https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-16-pin-front-control-panel-split-extension-61cm-cable-cbl-0068l.html?p=1 Please let me know if it worked.
Customer: it worked
Agent: Awesome!
Customer: Thanks!
Agent: Is there anything else I may help you with today?  you're welcome
Customer: Do you sell a usb 3.0 to usb 2.0 cable or converter?
Agent: Please give me second to check.  Unfortunately we don't  carry that cable.  Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.
https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy

Customer: okay.  Thank you for looking.
Agent: You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: no, thank you
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great weekend, goodbye!  Hello. How may I help you? Hi Kevin! I would like to let you know that we still have 1 SYS-E100-9W-H in stock. I just updated the inventory and you should be able to add it on cart.  Please let us know if you need any assistance.  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hi Kyle, could you help me with OBB license? I´´m from Brazil
Agent: Hi Wagner I’m sorry, but our OOB license is only available for US-based customers (US billing address) to purchase. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy 
Customer: ok ill do that...thanks
Agent: you're welcome Can I help you with anything else?  Hi Jason
Customer: Hi, good morning
Agent: Good morning! How can I help you today?
Customer: I purchased 3 of these E300-9D-8CN8TP for my homelab last year. I'm looking to update the BIOS and saw there was an activation prompt. Can you tell me what product it is that I need to perform these BIOS updates?
Agent: To update the BIOS, you can go to out main web side here: https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/system/Mini-ITX/SYS-E300-9D-8CN8TP.cfm
Then click on the BIOS link at the bottom of the picture of the server. Hi again Jason
Customer: sorry about that.. good ole BSOD
Agent: no problem https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/system/Mini-ITX/SYS-E300-9D-8CN8TP.cfm here is the link again in case you miss it Please download the zip file and follow the readme file to update the BIOS for your server
Customer: oh. so the activation prompt is only for updating the BIOS via IPMI? I can still perform the update manually?
Agent: I see. You want to update the BIOS remotely? You can do it manually though
Customer: perfect. thats all i needed
Agent: the activation is for the OOB license and use for remotely update Sound good!
Customer: thank you Liz, have a wonderful day!
Agent: You're welcome.  Thank you. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Jason McFarland left the following comment: my inquiry was quickly understood and resolution just the same.
Agent: Good morning Barry How can I help you today?
Customer: We have two SYS-1029P-WTR servers and we need to purchase 2 1 Supermicro 10-Gigabit (2 x 10G SFP+) Ethernet Network Adapter cards. Can you send me a quote?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry any AOC on our eStore. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy 
Customer: Okay, we'll giv'em a try.  Thanks now.  Bye!
Agent: Sound good! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Steve How can I help you today?
Customer: Hi Liz, I'm looking to purchase  VROC key, P/N: AOC-VROCPREMOD I searched for this P/N, but it doesn't come up
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry any AOC/VROC on our eStore. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy  You also can contact our sale team to see if they can support Sales-USA@supermicro.com
Customer: That website was not helpful. Sales only accepts POs. I need to use a Credit Card.  My sales manager told me to go to this website to purchase the key.
Agent: I see. I'm sorry for this inconvenience. Maybe you can try with our RMA team:
RMA department email address: rma@supermicro.com
RMA department phone #:  1-408-503-8000 option 3
  Can I help you with anything else?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Ngoc
Customer: hello, how i can looking for part AOC-QLE2672 on the Estore
Agent: Unfortunately we don't carry AOC on our eStore. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.
https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy
 
Customer: I want to know the product price and stock status
Agent: Sorry i can't  give that information since we don't carry that item. 
Customer: thanks, and I want to mount it with System SYS-220U-TNR is it compatible
Agent: Please give me a second to check.  I can't find anything on my end showing that it's compatible with this system.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: Would you please give me a recommendation on which HBA FC 16Gb device is compatible with that system we are connect system that to SAN IBM 5015with HBA FC 16Gbps
Agent: Please give me second to check. 
Customer: okies
Agent: Please bear with me for a few more minutes while I check for you. 
Customer: okie
Agent: The only 16GBs that is compatible with this system is AOC-LPE31002-M6
Customer: where i can see info AOC-LPE31002-M6
Agent: On https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/networking/adapters and search for  AOC-LPE31002-M6 on that page. 
Customer: how much does it sale for?
Agent: Unfortunately i don't have that information since we don't carry AOC on our eStore.   Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.
https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy

Customer: at the address you sent I can't find the information I need Thankyou so much, Mark!
Agent: You're welcome! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: goodbye! hello Kyle
Agent: Hi James
Customer: I'm trying to place an order on your website and I get the following message We currently have "-3" of the "1TB M.2 XG6 NVMe Solid State Drive" in stock, but we may have enough inventory to complete your order. Please contact us via "email or live chat"
Agent: Oh I'm sorry about that. For which server/workstation are you seeing this message?
Customer: Supermicro Threadripper Performance SuperWorkstation Full Tower (AS -5014A-TT)
Agent: Ok please give me a moment while I check on that for you
Customer: ok
Agent: How many were you trying to add?
Customer: 1
Agent: Ok thanks
Customer: yup
Agent: Please bear with me for a few more minutes while I check for you. 
Customer: No problem
Agent: Thanks for waiting. Can you try adding the M.2 again? You may have to refresh the page 
Customer: Yes, one moment The 1TB has now disappeared and has been replaced by a 960GB at a different price
Agent: Oh let me check again It disappeared for me too. I would try again in 15-20 minutes as stock had to be refreshed on the back end.  Sorry about that
Customer: Ok, thanks
Agent: If you still don't see it by then, please let me know
Customer: I'll check again and let you know if I still have problems
Agent: Sure sounds good
Customer: Thanks
Agent: Can I help you with anything else?  You're welcome
Customer: No, that will be all
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: You too'
Agent: Hi Reid
Customer: Hello, I am interested in 3x of SSG-520P-ACTR12L with CPU, RAM and NVME kit. Is this something available directly from you?
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry SSG-520P-ACTR12L on our eStore. Are you interested looking in other SKUs?
Customer: I am looking for something with 12x 3.5" bays, single CPU socket and optional NVME. Either AMD 7003 or Intel 3rd Gen processor is fine. Don't think I see anything through the e-store?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: Thank you
Agent: and you want the X12 version motherboard also?
Customer: yes
Agent: I see. Unfortunately, we don't carry any similar server on our eStore at the moment. Please check with our resellers or distributors for availability. 
https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy I'm sorry for this inconvenience
Customer: No worries. thank you for checking
Agent: Hi Mike Hi Mike
Customer: Hi Liz I purchased a license for SSM server and I am trying to do the offline activation but I don't seem to have a product key
Agent: May I know which server you have?
Customer: XDR10 X10DRG
Agent: May I have your full part number or serial number of the motherboard? https://www.supermicro.com/en/support/rma/sn
Customer: according to the IPMI Serial # is 123456789 which sounds odd
Agent: Yeah. You can find the serial number of the motherboard by the link I share above
Customer: ok I am going to have to get back to this later then as I am not onsite where the server is to get the serial number at this time
Agent: I see. do you want me to wait on this chat?
Customer: no not at this time as it will be a while before I can get onsite. I will open another chat when I get that info
Agent: Sound good! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Winnie
Customer: please check if this cable is long enough ..in this server, thanks
Agent: For the cable CBL-SAST-0532?
Customer: correct. 35cm
Agent: This cable is 50cm https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-internal-minisas-hd-50cm-cable-cbl-sast-0532.html
Customer: oh yes.. i mean 50cm
Agent: Please give me second to check 50cm should be okay for the miniSAS cable.
Customer: sounds good one more question in fact, do i need that cable ? the server seems comes with it i add lsi raid card 05-25420-17 MegaRAID SAS 9361-8i
Agent: I see on the part list for this system it comes with  miniSAS to miniSASHD cables.  The cable you ask is miniSAS cable.  It comes with CBL-SAST-0508-01 https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-minisas-to-minisas-hd-50cm-cable-cbl-sast-0508-01.html and CBL-SAST-0508-02 https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-minisas-to-minisas-hd-50cm-cable-cbl-sast-0508-02.html I would have to check for the RAID card you are adding to see if you need the cable you asked for.  Please give me a moment. 
Customer: thanks
Agent: I googled the RAID card but i can't seem to see the type port it has. Can you let me know what type of port the RAID card has?
Customer: 9361-8i i think this model is too old . LSI is under Broadcom now let me check if i can find the weblink
Agent: Your RAID card is miniSAS HD and the backplane is miniSAS HD .let me find you that cable.  so it would be the cable you asked about CBL-SAST-0532 https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-internal-minisas-hd-50cm-cable-cbl-sast-0532.html
Customer:  so i cannot use the cable (CBL-SAST-0508-01) that comes with the server  , 
and
still need to add 2 x cable CBL-SAST-0532
Agent: unfortunately you can use the ones that comes with server because they are  MiniSAS to MiniSAS HD. You need miniSaS HD to miniSAS HD for the RAID card you want to add.  You can't use you can use the ones that comes with server because they are MiniSAS to MiniSAS HD. *
Customer: okok will order for it then , thanks clarify
Agent: Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: good for now thanks again
Agent: You're welcome! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Winnie left the following comment: fast response . helpful   . thanks
Agent: Hi Tony How can I help you today?
Customer: Hi Liz.  I'm interested in the Supermicro X13SAE-F servers... can you tell me the pricing and availability? Well, I suppose they're motherboards - not sure if you have server builds using them...?
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry any X13 servers/motherboard on our eStore at the moment. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy  You also can contact our Sale team for it Sales-USA@supermicro.com
Customer: Ok, thanks.
Agent: You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: No - that's it, thanks.
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Rene
Customer: Hi I am looking for a certified SFP Fiber 10 Gigabit Ethernet, 10G BASE-SR (850nM) that works with your system board mentioned above. Is it that all SFP+ models you sell work with the system board or do you go through the effort of certifying the SFP with the system board?
Agent: Please give me second to check for this.  For the motherboard X11SDV-8C-TP8F these are all the validated AOC https://www.supermicro.com/en/support/resources/aoc/display?id=A65A3CB91220FA746932F14A2F23207A&Category=MB&prid=86376&function=networking
Customer: OK I will choose from this list. Wait. One sec. This claims that 100 Gb/s is compatible with this. However, I thought it was only capable of 10 Gb/s Oh these are cards. I have two on board SFP+ for the embedded NICs.
Agent: Do you need the transceiver or need AOC? 
Customer: I would like to use compatible SFP+ transceiver.
Agent: I see, is possible to get the chassis serial number or the server
Customer: I provided the system board number I am not sure where to find the serial number.
Agent: you can use https://www.supermicro.com/en/support/rma/sn to help find serial number
Customer: Pie ,p,emt This is custom built through your reseller network. the number I have here is PXLWCQQ00001 I will check the ledge.
Agent: Okay. I am going to check internally for this. Is it okay if i email you back at renecamp@gmail.com when i get an update for this?
Customer: C813MLK03P42595
Agent: Thank you. I am going to check internally to get the right information for you and I'll email you at renecamp@gmail.com.
Customer: OK Yes, thanks.
Agent: Thank you for being patient!  I'll email you as soon i get any information.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: No thank you. Hi Kyle, I'm looking for the proper rail kit for this unit.
Agent: Hi Alex Let me check if there is a compatible one
Customer: Thanks
Agent: MCP-290-00057-0N is the compatible rail kit for your server: https://store.supermicro.com/4u-5u-rail-kit-mcp-290-00057-0n.html 
Customer: THank you. It says compatible with Compatible with CSE-417, CSE-418, CSE-846, CSE-847, CSE-848, and CSE-842 Which of these is it?
Agent: It's actually not listed, but I was able to check internally for this storage system and its base chassis
Customer: Thank you
Agent: You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: I'm good thank you.
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: you too Alex Thiessen left the following comment: Kyle was great.
Agent: Hi Jeffery 
Customer: I need a new motherboard for a server. X11SSL-F I found the product page on your site but cant find a price/buy feature
Agent: Unfortunately, we don't sell any motherboard on our eStore.  
Customer: oh, so I cannot get a new one from you guys?
Agent: Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.
https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy

Customer: thanks
Agent: You can try checking with our Sales team at Sales-USA@supermicro.com as well. Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: nope
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Where can I find the X13SAE motherboard?  I can't find them in the SM store.  I can't find them with any dealers either.
Agent: Hi Jerry We don't carry any motherboards on the eStore in general so you may want to try with our Sales team at Sales-USA@supermicro.com It's a really new motherboard but they should have some insight
Customer: OK.  Thanks.  That is all I needed.
Agent: Hi Firas
Customer: above is a UP configuration do we have this in e-store
Agent: Please give me a moment to check. 
Customer: thanx
Agent: We have the system available but we don't have some of the part you mentioned available on our eStore. We would have to do a pre-configuration for this.  This is the link to the system https://store.supermicro.com/sys-510p-wtr.html?queryID=96bbe900979a50705274119a4bbaa472&objectID=3046&indexName=supermicro_default_products Can I help you with anything else?  Hi Justin How can I help you today?
Customer: Hi Liz, I have a rack that is 23" deep and I'm using the folloiwng chassis with this rack: 825MBTQC-R802WB This is also being used with the folloiwng rails: MCP-290-00053-0N Will this fit properly?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  This rail is use for 27" display chassis. The outer Rail Extendable Length is 26.5" to 36.4". Let me find the rail length fit to your rack You can use this rail Supermicro 2U-5U Rail Kit (MCP-290-00058-0N). Its outer Rail Extendable Length is 19.6” to 27”
https://store.supermicro.com/2u-5u-rail-kit-mcp-290-00058-0n.html
Customer: This is perfect, thank you for the help
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: No thats it for now, thanks again
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Justin left the following comment: She was great.
Agent: Hi Ken
Customer: i'm looking for an out of band management option for a supermicro model # we have, SYS-6028R-WTR is that available?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  Yes, it is available. You only need to choose your motherboard at the select your motherboard/system model area. 
Your motherboard is X10DRW-i
Customer: ok thank you!
Agent: You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: no thank you
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hi Liz
Agent: Hi Thierry How can I help you?
Customer: I am looking for ARm cable for AS-2124GQ-NART Sorry Cable management arm
Agent: No worries. Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: I see (MCP-290-00073-0N)
Agent: Please bear with me for a few more minutes while I check for you.  Yes, the cable arm MCP-290-00073-0N is used for 2U chassis and above.
Customer: ok-thanks LIZ
Agent: You're welcome. 
Customer: Thierry Bucher left the following comment: great job !
Agent: Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: no-Thank you
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Tom 
Customer: Hi, could you please provide a data sheet for the heatsink?
Agent: Please give me a moment to check. 
Customer: Thanks, the detailed specification on the website doesn't have size etc
Agent: Let me see if i can find the size
Customer: I found that on another website eventually but still need a full data sheeet if okay? *sheet
Agent: Sorry we don't provide the data sheet on our eStore. Please contact our Sales team at Sales-USA@supermicro.com as well. Tel: +1 408-503-8000 Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: No thanks
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Emanuele
Customer: Hi Liz could you send me a datasheet on this: PWS-521-1H and I would like to know what is the availability of the item (i.e. quantity available)
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not have the datasheet of this power supply on our eStore. Please check with our Sales at Sales-USA@supermicro.com or Tel: +1 408-503-8000. We also have PWS-521-1H available on eStore. How many do you want?
Customer: 20 to 50
Agent: Unfortunately, we currently only can support up to 17. Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: no this would be it for now Thanks
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: emanuele zarouri left the following comment: ok
Agent: Hello Mauro, how can I help you?
Customer: SERVIDOR SUPER MICRO 2V 6029P-WTR 2 cpu, 16 gb , 6 disk
Agent: Ok, we do have it in stock: https://store.supermicro.com/wio-server-sys-6029p-wtr.html May I ask where you are shipping this to?
Customer: price
Agent: Starting base is $3660 and goes higher from there Where are you located and where do you plan to ship these servers? Can I help you with anything else?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Carl
Customer: Hi Mark! I'm looking for 3.5" drive trays that are compatible with the SC743 Chassis. Can you recommend anything for me?
Agent: Please give me moment to find you one. 
Customer: Sure!
Agent: is possible to get the full chassis part number?
Customer: Can I find that without opening up the case? 743TQ-1200B-SQ maybe?
Agent: You can get by serial number. Use this guide https://www.supermicro.com/en/support/rma/sn
Customer: SM111660 is the serial
Agent: I searched the serial number i can't find anything.  let me check for 743TQ-1200B-SQ
Customer: It currently has MCP220-00080-0B 2.5" to 3.5" drive trays in it, if that helps
Agent: i see. we have MCP220-00080-0B https://store.supermicro.com/mcp-220-00080-0b.html on our eStore. The one you are looking for is MCP-220-00193-0N which is hybrid that fit 3.5" or 2.5". Unfortunately we don't carry it on our eStore.   Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.
https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy

Customer: Ok cool, thanks for your help!
Agent: You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Nope! That's it
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi Nick
Customer: Hi. The SYS-620C-TN12R, I do not see any options for SAS drives on the Configuration? Also do you know if this model since it is a Complete System Only can be purchased from a Tech Date or Ingram Mirco?
Agent: Do you want to purchase the complete system? Our eStore sells complete system and it will be built and shipped within 3-5 business days.
Customer: Ah ok. Does that model offer SAS drives and a SAS RAID Controller?
Agent: Yes, this system offers them. I can help you configure it on my end. May I know your full requirement configuration?
Customer: One more question, is this server an option as I do not see it on the estore? A+ Server 2014S-TR
Agent: Yes, we currently don't carry any rackmount AMD server on our eStore, unfortunately.
For the SYS-620C-TN12R, we have this system in stock and ready to ship. We've been hearing from other customers that our reseller/distributors have really long lead time so please keep that in mind
Customer: That is one of the reasons I am talking to you. :)
Agent: I see 🙂. I can help you for choose the SAS drive and SAS controller for SYS-620C-TN12R 
Customer: Looking for lower end Intel 8Core procs, 128GB memory, 2x 480GB SSD boot drives, 5x 4TB SAS drives, RAID Controller with 2gb or 4gb cache, 2 port RJ45, 2 port 10gb SFP+,
Agent: Which RAID setup do you want, please?
Customer: RAID1 for OS Boot & RAID5 for 4TB drives
Agent: Got it. I will work on my end and can I email you back via nick.lynn@neweratech.com for the configuration and price?
Customer: sounds good! thank you
Agent: You're welcome. I will email you as soon as I can. Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: No.
Agent: I can give you a scheme with the spec option. Can you look into it first and let me know if you want to change anything
Customer: That works.
Agent: The price is around $6850 before tax and shipping.
Customer: That includes 2 RJ45 & 2 10GB SFP+ ports?
Agent: Oh sorry for my mistake. Please give me one moment to add it to this configuration. The price is around $7200 before tax and shipping
Customer: Ok, can you email me that so I can run it by my manager?
Agent: Sure. I will finalize everything and send you an email with it. Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: No all set. Thank you
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Greg
Customer: Hi Mark I actually have two questions 1. AOC-S3616L-L16iT - can that AOC support a RAID 1 configuration on it? I don't think it can based on specs but would like to double check.
Agent: Please give me second to check for this.  AOC-S3616L-L16iT can not support RAID 1. 
Customer: Thanks
Agent: Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Yes. One moment, please. I need to get the part number
Agent: Of course. Take your time. 
Customer: Long winded question. https://www.supermicro.com/en/Aplus/system/1U/1114/AS-1114CS-TNR.cfm Optional parts list Storage Control Card and Cable(s) There are two options withthe AOC-S3616L-L16IT on it. Do you see them? One shows MiniSAS HD x8 to 2x Slimline x4.... The other shows Slimline x8 to 2x slimline x4 and a 1x slimline x4 option Where are there x8 ends connecting?
Agent: Yes i see. Please give me moment to check. 
Customer: I think the mini-SAS x8 connects into one of the 4 interfaces on the AOC card But I'm confused by the one option showing "MiniSAS HD x8" and the other option showing "Slimline x8" ........ are those connector types synonymous?
Agent: Let me check internally for this. please bear with me for few minutes. 
Customer: 👍 thanks
Agent: Is it okay if i can email you back at gkoprowski@acecomputers.com? i want check internally to get you the correct information. 
Customer: please do!
Agent: Thank you. Ill email you as soon i get any information about this.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: I think that is all. Thanks! Greg left the following comment: Very helpful
Agent: Hi Susumu!
Customer: I want to get a quote of AS-5014A-TT computer with desired configuration. I was able to configure one month ago. Now, I cannot configure it anymore.
Agent: Looks like there's an issue on our end we should have the inventory available so therefore you should be able to configure  I'm looking into this right now
Customer: Now, I can configure, but it looks like out of stock. Is it correct?
Agent: The system is in stock  you can ignore the out of stock  https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-threadripper-performance-workstation-as-5014a-tt.html?p=5 or you can try this URL to see if you are still getting out of stock
Customer: Okay, it works now. I have one question about dual CPU configuration for Xeon processor. I work in Columbia University for basic biology division. We are trying t buy a computer for 3D image analysis software, Imaris software. The system recomendation for high end  is https://imaris.oxinst.com/support/system-requirements
Agent: This system can definitely handle these requirements
Customer: The question is that they suggest CPU speed over 3.7 gHz. In the case of dual CPU, the each CPU speed x 2 is equal to the real speed? So 1.9 gHz dual Xeon processor is equal to 3.8 gHz?
Agent: From my understanding, it does not work like that.  so you would have to go off of the CPU speed of the CPU and not x2 Were you planning to buy the 5014A-TT or a dual core xeon processor system?
Customer: Planning to buy something which go over 3.7 gHz with more than or equal to 8 core. And which can come with NVIDIA RTX A4000 16 GB. This is why I am selecting the AMD workstation. However, it does not need to be server CPU. I rather not because it is slow. If you have a computer with that CPU and can be configured with the nVidia graphic card, it would be good to see.
Agent: 5014A-TT would fit the bill. If you want alternates, we do have 5039C-T for you which i believe is validated with A4000 (but for some reason it's not on our site) https://store.supermicro.com/sys-5039c-t.html we have this system in a 8-core 3.7GHz
Customer: I see. With this, it can go with intel. So I can decide AMD or Intel.
Agent: yeah this goes with Intel. The CPU i'm referring to is E-2288G which is 8-Core 3.7GHz
Customer: But this is only up to 6 core.
Agent: i'll work with you on a special configuration 🙂  if you're interested in purchasing, I can get this special CPU for you oh no it looks like this system is only validated with RTX4000 but let me check internally to see if we're working on RTXA4000
Customer: Okay. Can you actually send me a quote of the configuration? I will send the configuration which I chose for AMD, so can you build the simililar configuration with Xeon one?
Agent: yeah i can  you don't need a quote for AMD right?  just the Intel one? Also, is there a timetable on when you would purchase just so i understand if i need to request the Intel CPU internally 
Customer: Can you actually the send a quote for both Intel and AMD with separate quote?
Agent: i sure can! 
Customer: As soon as possible, so we can submit to our IT department for processing the order.
Agent: ok got it  i'll send the two quotes over to  you as soon as possible 
Customer: So I will just wait for your email, right?
Agent: Yes is sa2939@cumc.columbia.edu the best email?
Customer: Yes. Thank you so much.
Agent: no problem. is there anything else I can help you with today?
Customer: I think that's all. Thank you. Have a good day!!!
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Mary
Customer: Hi Liz!
Agent: How can I help you today?
Customer: I was wondering about the stock status of FAN-0101L4.
Agent: How many of FAN-0101L4 do you want?
Customer: The eStore currently says you have 0 in stock 5 (I would like to purchase 5)
Agent: I will need to transfer inventory to fulfill your request. Can I email you back via mary_jo@mit.edu?
Customer: Yes! That would be good.
Agent: This process will take some hours to complete.
Customer: That's OK. I just need to know where things are now; we need them soon-ish, but not super-urgently. So I want to make sure I get them as soon as they are available. And I know there are supply chain issues right now.
Agent: Sound good. I will email you back as soon as it back to stock
Customer: Thanks, Liz!
Agent: You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: No, that's it! Thanks again...
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: bye
Agent: Hi Jorge
Customer: hi Mark I need to know the model of my plate S/N: ZM1495019853
Agent: please give me second to check  I can find anything with this S/N. Please use are guide here to find the S/N https://www.supermicro.com/en/support/rma/sn
Customer: thanks, also if that motherboard is compatible with the PWS-665-PQ power supply
Agent: I would have know the S/N or your system 
Customer: it is a very old server AMI Aptio LBS-DP V1 16875
Agent: is the s/n you provided the s/n of the chassis?
Customer: The S/N is: ZM1495019853 chasis is CSE-732 C732OLD26M80366
Agent: Please give me second to check.  I checked for ZM1495019853 and C732OLD26M80366 nothing shows up on our end 
Customer: is a server about 2013 very old but use a Supply (PWS-502-PQ)
Agent: If this is supermicro server you can find the s/n  supermicro chassis *
Customer: but I would like to know if it is compatible
Agent: Please give me a moment
Customer: mor pictures
Agent: Are you trying to replace PWS-502-PQ? I can't find any on the pictures you provided. 
Customer: yes i want the power source, and i have a PWS-665-PQ 
they are compatible???
Agent: in your current chassis you have PWS-665-PQ or PWS-502-PQ?
Customer: have a PWS-502-PQ, but need to replace it
Agent: we can't guaranty these to would be compatible but PWS-502-PQ does have replacement PWS-668-PQ https://store.supermicro.com/668w-atx-pws-668-pq.html
Customer: that's why I needed to know the motherboard
Agent: unfortunately we can't find any information on our end with the pictures you provided. I am sorry 
Customer: that's why I needed to know the motherboard and the source I have is a  PWS-665-PQ, for which I could replace it, but I don't know if they are compatible... with the motherboard
Agent: The power supply only goes with the chassis, it should not affect the motherboard. 
Customer: perfect!!... thanks!
Agent: Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: 
No thanks, I made everything clear, thank you very much!!!
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: goobye! Jorge Soto Delgado left the following comment: Thank!!
Agent: Hi Pedro
Customer: hello i need your help i have an AS-2022TG-HTRF server with 3.5 hdd and i want to replace the 3.5 hdd  with  2.5 ssd but i need an adaptor
Agent: MCP-220-00043-0N is drive tray adapter https://store.supermicro.com/mcp-220-00043-0n-1482.html
Customer: but i dont know the correct model for this server its compatible with my server ?
Agent: yes is there anything else I can help you with today? 
Customer: no, thanks for your help
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: bye
Agent: Hi Kurt!
Customer: Hi Tim, Checking on the SYS-531A-IL superworkstation price and availability. Been reselling supermicro products since the early 2000s and typically buy through distribution. Tech-
Agent: We are actually working on getting SYS-531A-IL up on the site but it may take a few weeks or so.  we do have other workstation servers that we have available (ready to ship) on our site https://store.supermicro.com/systems/superworkstation.html do you have an account with us? 
Customer: Yes, the username is the same as my email address.
Agent: ok got it i have just enabled your account to see our servers
Customer: How about the SYS-530A-IL, that model would work as well
Agent: Please log into your account to see if you can see the link below: https://store.supermicro.com/systems/superworkstation.html we actually are working on that one as well  we currently have 530AD-I, 5039C-T, AS -5014A-TT (popular one) we do have 5014A-TT in stock (currently working on ironing out the issue) but if you are interested, please let me know so i can create a pre-configuration for you as a workaround 
Customer: Correct me if I am wrong, but those are a X11 revision or older. My client wants at least X12 or X13. I sold a lot of the 5039A-IL workstations. Would like to stay with something close to that.
Agent: For X12, we do have a workstation but it's dual processor: https://store.supermicro.com/sys-740a-t.html Also, we have this really popular WorkStation system which we've been selling a lot of as of late: https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-threadripper-performance-workstation-as-5014a-tt.html up to 64 core in 1 CPU (really high performance) for some reason, our configurable system is just not working right now  so if you're interested, please let me know and i would be more than happy to walk y ou through the specs, price, availability 
Customer: The last link is for an AMD processor. Which I only use Intel.
Agent: ok understood. 
Customer: are the 5039a-il still available?
Agent: let me check hmm...it looks like we do have this system available I'll have to check internally to see if these are reserved/taken  Do you have specs in mind for this particular system?
Customer: I just need the barebones system. Chassis and motherboard.
Agent: unfortunately, Our eStore doesn't sell barebone system we only sell complete system
Customer: Ok, I have been buying processor and ram seperately and building them myself.
Agent: Understood 
Customer: Thanks for your help
Agent: no problem  is there anything else I can help you with today? 
Customer: That is all
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Andrew How can I help you today?
Customer: Hello - I'm interested in getting a quote for a specific configuration of the "AS -5014A-TT".

However, it looks like online it says that "configuration information is not currently available"
Agent: I'm sorry, there is something wrong with our configuration. But I can help you on my end for the quote. Can I know your full configuration for this server? Hi again Andrew
Customer: Hello - my bad
Agent: no problem.  May I know your full spec for the AS -5014A-TT? https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-threadripper-performance-workstation-as-5014a-tt.html the configurator is up. Can you please refresh the page
Customer: Hey  - you're right it is up now.  cool
Agent: It is on and off during today since there is some problem with it. Do you still want me to help you for the quote?
Customer: No I think I'm okay.  I will try to configure online and come back if I have issues.  thanks
Agent: no problem. Please let me know if you need help. Is there anything else I may help you with today?  Just let you know that:
• All of our configurations has been fully validated by our Supermicro system lab.
• We offer free shipping for all server orders. (limited time only)
• We offer blazing fast turnaround time 2-3 business days if you purchase something via our eStore configurator.
• Warranty is 3 years for server, 3 years for parts, and 1 year of cross—shipping. (limited time only)
• We may have more storage capacity on our eStore. (Please contact me if you don’t see any capacity available)  Hi Trae! How can I help you today?
Customer: Hello, I don't seem to see "2014S-TR" in the e store looking for your AMD Epyc servers and the 2014S-TR seems to be a good fit, just can't find it on the e Store here it is on your regular site:
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry any rackmount AMD server on our eStore. Are you interested in Intel rackmount server?
Customer: do you have a list of resellers that do? I want to make sure if I purchase it through a 3rd party vendor
Agent: You can check with our resellers at this link https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy
Customer: TY
Agent: I cannot check for their availability for this server. You have to check with them
Customer: will do
Agent: I'm sorry for this inconvenience. Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: you're fine, nope that's it; ty again
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: like wise! Also! Look up XRP :)
Agent: thank you 😄

Customer: :) Trae left the following comment: Helpful and fast
Agent: Hi Nathan I'm checking on your issue according to your information that you provide through email.
Customer: I also contacted you yesterday and sent a screen shot.
Agent: Yes, I tried to duplicate your issue to see if it happen to me
Customer: ok
Agent: Do you see the verification alert as same as the picture?
Customer: verification alert  no.
Agent: Do you happen to know your 9 digit zip code?
Customer: Will check. One moment.
Agent: Sure! Please take your time.
Customer: 13903-2214
Agent: Can you please edit your address to see if it show the shipping method option? It should show similar like this
Customer: ok, just a moment. Ok, it validated the address
Agent: Sound good. Can you try to continue the process? Please let me know if you get any issue 
Customer: trying now its slow
Agent: no worry. I will waiting here to help you
Customer: ok. will thw windows software be installed or do I do it? All I see is wheel on the screen. Going to refresh page.
Agent: I'm sorry, can you please try to do on different device if possible
Customer: ok, its working. But, shipping seems expensive
Agent: May I know which product do you plan to purchase? also the quantity? I can check on my end
Customer: 1 SYS-740A-T | 4U Tower price 7082.53
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: ok
Agent: Do you plan to use the ground shipping? We can give you the free ground shipping
Customer: Yes, I guess. I was doing y the site. It said: Free Shipping to the Continental US Over $200 (Excluding rail kits and systems)
Agent: Do you create an account under chukueke@gmail.com?
Customer: yes, but I con use a business email, too.
Agent: I mean for this purchase
Customer: Yes, I used chukueke@gmail.com
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: Its a house that is a 2nd home and not profit business.
Agent: Yes, I try to enable the chukueke@gmail.com email for you to get the free ground shipping. Please bear with me for a few more minutes while I check for you. 
Customer: ok, thanks
Agent: I'm sorry for long waiting. You should see the ground shipping is free now
Customer: ok, it changed. When would it ship?
Agent: It would take 3-5 business days to build and ship out
Customer: Do ou think I would get it by March 31?
Agent: It should be if you place the order today and with credit card oh wait. let me double check
Customer: Yes, that is what I would do. thanks What about the OS, is it installed or download or CD.
Agent: I'm checking internally again for the shipping since you do the ground shipping. It will depend on shipping carrier also to you to get the server by March 31 For the OS, it will be installed in the system
Customer: o, I order a single NVM 1.9 tb Thanks I will order now.
Agent: For the shipping, It will depend on the FedEx if there's delay on their end to deliver to your place, so I cannot guarantee you can get it by March 31
Customer: If I wait a two  of weeks will the price change? I am supposed to travel. But I could postpone.
Agent: I cannot tell if the price will change. But we had two times price increase since beginning of the year.
Customer: Yes, I noticed. Ok, I will order today and postpone trip if needed. thanks for your help.
Agent: You're welcome and I'm sorry if you have to postpone your trip.  One question I need to confirm
Customer: ok
Agent: Do you want to install the OS to any special drive selection in your configuration? I just need to make sure it work as your expect
Customer: Well I order only one drive, But I am thinking Maybe I should have gotten a smaller NVMe for the OS. Is it too late to do that?
Agent: Oh, that's ok. You can do the configuration again with your requirement option.
Customer: I can say which drive to put the OS?
Agent: You can let me know, as soon as your order processes, I will let our assemble team know that.
Customer: Ok, so you will be hear in 15 minutes?
Agent: Yeah, I can wait here or you can open a live chat again.
Customer: OK, back in a bit of time. thanks
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I also has your full configuration if possible?
Customer: looks like you ran out of NVMEs. Can the OS go on a M.2
Agent: Which NVME are you looking for? I can check the inventory for you
 Yes, OS can go to M.2
Customer: for OS and some primary apps 960GB 2.5" PM9A3 NVMe PCIe 4.0 Solid State Drive (1 x DWPD)
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  We do have that NVMe in stock
Customer: ok site will not let pick one.
Agent: I also got the same issue. Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: I think maybe I should just pick the first .configuration from before
Agent: I think I will need to do pre-config for you if you want to add NVMe Is it still in your cart?
Customer: yes
Agent: I see. It's up to you
Customer: Just a monent
Agent: If you want to change the configuration with option you cannot select, I can help you on my end with the unique link. Or you can wait about 5 min for our web development checking on this issue?
Customer: Yes, I will just keep the present configuration. Just put the OS on the  1 x 1.9TB 2.5" PM9A3 NVMe PCIe 4.0 Solid State Drive (1 x DWPD)
Agent: ok. Sound good!
Customer: going to try and order now please wait and see if it works please.
Agent: Sure. I will be here Please let me know if you get any issue
Customer: 566 tax. Look at tax exemption.
Agent: We do accept tax-exempt, but it would be applied after the purchase not during the time of purchase.

In order to apply for tax exemption, you would need to provide valid certificate, which you can send to eStore-support@supermicro.com along with your order number.

Your tax-exempt request will be processed after we have verified that the certificate is valid. 
It usually takes up to 10 business days for the tax amount to return back to your original form of payment.
  Before submitting a request, please review the tax exempt guide carefully.  Incomplete or incorrect submissions will be rejected.
https://store.supermicro.com/tax-exemption-guide
  Before place the order, please make sure your Billing Information (Sold-to-company name) must match with the name on the certificate.
Customer: Sounds complex.
Agent: I'm sorry for this incovenience. We are working on automation tax-exempt now, but I'm not sure when it launchs
Customer: Ok, 599 is a lot of tax. I will finish later today. Got to get the 599 approved. thanks again.
Agent: You're welcome.  Please let us know if you need any assistance.
Customer: Any discount codes?
Agent: Unfortunately, we currently don't have any discount beside the free ground shipping
Customer: The shipping is great thanks. take care, Liz.
Agent: Thank you! Same to you. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Susumu
Customer: Hi, I talked to Tim a couple hours ago. He was going to send me a quote for some computer. However, I have not received the quote yet. Can you please rush it? I need the quote quickly so I can place an order.
Agent: Please give me second to check  Looks like still checking for A4000 if its validated 5039C-T would you be interested in doing RTX4000 which is the previous generation of RTXA4000?
Customer: I would like to get RTXA4000 How long will it take to check the compatibility and provide me a quote? I am in Columbia University in NYC. It is almost 5 pm, so I may end up processing the order next day. It is better today.
Agent: If you would like RTXA4000 you would have to do AS- 5014A-TT I can make quote for the system AS- 5014-TT with RTXA4000, is that something you would like?
Customer: So the issues is we cannot configure a system with RTXA4000 with single Intel chip with 8 core. It is not the option which your website ig giving, so Tim had to configure the quote on his side. We want both Intel and AMD quotes.
Agent: I see. Please give me moment to check. 
Customer: Thank you
Agent: We checked internally and RTXA4000 it's only validated with AMD systems.  That's why we there no option for Intel on AS- 5014A-TT I can provide you with the quote for AMD Can I help you with anything else?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  Hi Philip
Customer: Hi
Agent: How may I help you today?
Customer: I'm looking to order 40 of MCP-220-00155-0B
Agent: I can request more inventory for MCP-220-00155-0B. Can I email you back via email philip@gerteam.com when it's available?
Customer: Yes, that would be great. Is there another tool-less caddy for 2.5" drives?
Agent: May I know which chassis part number do you plan to use with?
Customer: CSE-216 24 bay
Agent: Do you happen to know the full part number?
Customer: I don't know where to find that.
Agent: You can follow this link to check for the part number/ serial number of your chassis https://www.supermicro.com/en/support/rma/sn
Customer: It must be a custom build because the serial number on the back relates to the motherboard. XMS03A0000567 for example
Agent: hmm. Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: I did order 8 of the MCP-220-00155-0B and they fit perfectly.
Agent: As I check on my end, your chassis part number is CSE-216BA-R920LPB
https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/chassis/2U/216/SC216BA-R920LPB MCP-220-00047-0B is also work for this chassis https://store.supermicro.com/mcp-220-00047-0b.html
Customer: I'm looking for a tool-less caddy.
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  Unfortunately, I cannot find any other drives that tool-less.
Customer: Okay, please let me know when you can get stock on this item. I would like to order them as soon as possible.
Agent: I will email you as soon as it is available. Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: No that is it. Thank you!
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Susumu
Customer: Oh, hi again. Tim told me that he cannot configure Xeon, so I am sticking wirh AMD I have a question of your configuration menu for hard drive section.
Agent: of course whats the question 
Customer: What do you mean by 4 bays for main and 2 bays for internal. Main takes OS drive, right?
Agent: Please give a me a moment to see.   Any of the 6 drives can take the OS it really depends on preference I know you wanted A4000 but it's not in stock. We ony have A5000
Customer: I am guessing that when I purchase the computer, you would install OS. How do you know that which drives I want you to install OS?
Agent: You would let us know which drives you want it install 
Customer: I see.
Agent: what we've seen customer doing is to install OS in the front (internal) bays and the 4 for storage/expansion
Customer: Yes, that sounds like it. Oh, noooo. Now, I cannot get A4000????? It is really out?
Agent: it's not in stock. Please let me check the ETA for A4000
Customer: Thank you. At meantime, we can place the order?
Agent: You can place the order but won't be able choose A4000. I am checking internally on the ETA for A4000. Please give me a moment.
Customer: Thank you.
Agent: There is no ETA for A4000.  Best to go with A5000 GPU or purchase the server without GPU, if you want to buy now.  
Customer: Thank you
Agent: we also check internally on when A4500 validated with 5014A-TT if you are interest in that.  Are you interest in A4500? It is validated with 5014A-TT and its stocked.  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Nathan Welcome back
Customer: Hello its Nathan Chukueke youe\r app will not let me have a billing and shipping address diffenrence
Agent: At the payment page did you uncheck the billing and shipping is the same?
Customer: Yes, I think but in account settings it keeps making them the same
Agent: I see. Let me walk you through in case you missed anything. Can you go to your account -> edit your default billing address? Can you also provide your billing address with 9 digit zip code please? I will try on my end also
Customer: ok, but did that.
Agent: I see. Can you provide your billing address?
Customer: 54 BOERUM ST
BROOKLYN, New York, 11206-2418
United States
T: 347 423 8023
Agent: I might need to whitelist your billing address since the 9 digit zip code did not match
Customer: ??? I can check the 4 digit part apartment 11N
Agent: I'm sorry. Does your address has apartment 11N in that? Can you double check your correct billing address please?
Customer: one moment please
Agent: It will need to as same as your bank billing information, or it won't let you make the purchase, unfortunately
Customer: you want my state ID
Agent: No, I just make sure your billing address is match with your bank billing information. Can you please check if this billing address is correct?

54 BOERUM ST APT 11N
BROOKLYN NY 11206-2418
Customer: yes, thats it you want aprt of a check
Agent: Can you please try to type as same as the picture in the default billing address ?
Customer: ok
Agent: When you click save, please make sure "Your entered:" show valid address as same as picture If it does not, please click on we recommend and click at you entered again. It should be show as the picture above Please make sure you got the company info match with your tax-exempt certificate 😄

Customer: did it. Now shipping?
Agent: yes
Customer: now trying shipping again
Agent: shipping address if it is correct, you should leave as it. You can continue the purchase process
Customer: the billing was the same as shipping I want item to go to my house not apartment. It did it again changed both
Agent: Oh, I see Please hold on. Our development team checking on this issue
Customer: ok. Back in a moment
Agent: Is this your shipping address? 
Nathan Chukueke
MIRI
45 TOMPKINS ST
BINGHAMTON, New York, 13903-2214
United States
T: 3474238036 

Customer: yes
Agent: Can you please double check again? Our web development already set up the address You can try refresh the address book to see if the billing and shipping are different yet Please let me know if they are still the same
Customer: it works now
Agent: Great!
Customer: going to try checkout please wait, thanks
Agent: In order to validate the tax exempt for your order Please make sure your billing information match with the tax exempt certificate
Customer: Thats ok. It will not, its linked to the apartment. But thanks your site is so slow.
Agent: Note: The address is fine, but Sold to company name should be match 😄  I'm sorry for the slow website. Our page got issue since afternoon
Customer: The company are the same
Agent: It's great for you to go. Please let me know if any issue
Customer: almost at payment page it keeps checking  My billing and shipping address are the same
Agent: Can you uncheck it? and select an address
Customer: I did a few times. This time I will use  Valid Address
We Recommend: not this one
Agent: You can select an address and select the 54 BOERUM ST one You don't need to type it again
Customer: I need it to go to 45 TOMPKINS ST
Agent: This is for billing address though It doesn't have the option to 54 Boerum?
Customer: which one pick needs to go to 45 tomplins but if I update if clicks  My billing and shipping address are the same
Agent: You already choose the shipping address for 45 tomplins correct?
Customer: bank will not accept 45 Tompkins as billing address.
Agent: at the payment page you should select the billing address which is 54 Boerum for your credit card
Customer: ok, but please do not ship there.
Agent: at the shipping page, did you see the address is 45 Tompkins?
Customer: yes
Agent: If it is already  45 Tompkins at shipping page, we should ship it to this address At the payment, we ask for the billing address, so you should choose the 54 Boerum to match with your bank billing information
Customer: trying now it seems to have changed
Agent: yes, that's correct I see your order going through
Customer: ok, done. thanks. I really hope thing works. That was hard.
Agent: Confirmed that it will be ship to shipping address is 45 tompkin st I'm sorry for confusing you
Customer: Maybe you can get it so the site works with Google chrome better. thanks although.
Agent: You are welcome. I will check with our development team for that. Thank you! Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: No that , OK. I think that good for today. Can Fedex please leave package on the porch not the stairs of the house?
Agent: You can leave the note for FedEx when you have the tracking number on this order
Customer: ok, great.
Agent: You also can choose pick up or vacation option at the FedEx page As soon as you have the tracking link you can select the option how FedEx delivery to your house.
Customer: ok, sounds great, thanks again. Good day.
Agent: You're welcome.  Thank you. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Paul
Customer: hello I'm having a tough time getting a part number to appear on the list so that I can add it to cart
Agent: are you trying to purchase a server?
Customer: No... A RAID card for a server we recently purchased This card, to be specific:
AOC-S3008L-L8i When I search for it here, says no results found
Agent: Unfortunately we don't sell RAID cards. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.
https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy

Customer: Ahhhh 
That would explain a lot lol ok. thanks
Agent: Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: Oh boy... That part number still doesn't return any results on the "where to buy" page
Agent: You can contact our Sale team at Sales-USA@supermicro.com to see if they can help
Tel: +1 408-503-8000

Customer: ok I' ll try that. Thanks
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Thanks, you too
Agent: Hello. How may I help you?
Customer: Supermicro (Aquantia) 10G SFP+ to RJ45 10GBASE-T Optical Transceivers (AOM-AQS-107-B0C2-CX) we recently purchase a supermicro server
Agent: Hi Varma Ok how can I help you with this?
Customer: server purchased with all SFP ports to convert those ports inot RJ 45 Supermicro (Aquantia) 10G SFP+ to RJ45 10GBASE-T Optical Transceivers (AOM-AQS-107-B0C2-CX)\ is this comapatiable for ntel(R) Ethernet Controller X710 10GbE SFP
Agent: For which motherboard or server?
Customer: how can check  that msinfo 32 will give that info' sys-620u-tnr model number
Agent: Ok thanks
Customer: just 10 days back we purchased this
Agent: Give me a moment while I check
Customer: ok
Agent: If this option is available, 2x 10GbE BaseT and 2x 10GbE SFP+ with Intel® X710-TM4, then it should be able to use the 10Gbe SFP+ port
Customer: where i need to check this
Agent: Do you see any 10GbE SFP+ ports physically?
Customer: the server shipped with 6 SFP ports i can't use SFP ports i need normal NIC ports for that Monday we ordered "Supermicro (Aquantia) 10G SFP+ to RJ45 10GBASE-T Optical Transceivers (AOM-AQS-107-B0C2-CX)" and inserted on our SFP ports
Agent: That is correct then. You have the transceivers with you already?
Customer: yes now question is it is not detecting installed Windows server 2019 OS on my server all NIC card hsows RED X mark installed the latest INTEL drivers also but no luck on the event viewer i can see the error meesage "Rx/Tx is disbaled on this device because an un supported SFP + module type was detected"
Agent: Hmm, yeah there's no official list of compatible transceivers for this, but physically it should work. 

I would recommend checking with our technical support team for further assistance on this issue then. You can contact them by emailing support@supermicro.com or calling (408) 503-8000.  Hi Susumu
Customer: Hi
Agent: How can I help you today?
Customer: I consulted Mark and Tim yesterday about AS -5014A-TT. I have more questions today. One is NVMe and the other one is option of graphic card which is not listed in the choice.
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: No. No worry. It is new questions. About NVMe drive, it is connected through PCIe 4.0 rather than SATA, right? I just want to make sure about it. About the graphic card, can you mount something else which is not listed in the choice during configuration?
Agent: For the NVMe, yes, it shouldn't be connect to the SATA. For the graphic card, can you explain for mounting something else? What do you want to mount for?
Customer: Other graphic card which is not listed in the option.
Agent: Yes, but it would need to validated with the system.
Customer: Yes, so can you validate it? I am hoping to choose a graphic card from what you have in stock. The best choice was NVIDIA RTX A4000 16 GB, but Mark told me that you no longer have it in the stock. https://imaris.oxinst.com/support/system-requirements
Agent: I saw yesterday, he told give you the A4500 is work with this system It's validated by our lab
Customer: My concern is that the graphic card is not listed in the system recommendation. I am guessing that only old ones are validated from the company.
Agent: Yesterday, we checked internally and our lab just validated. The list might not update yet, unfortunately.
Customer: A4500 is validated for this workstation but it is not validated from the software company. This is the problem. It is better to buy most recent graphic card. The software company is behind the recent technology. for hardware
Agent: Are you interested in the RTX5000?
Customer: I do not think that you understand my point. As I told you, the graphic card is not listed in the system recommendation list from the software company.
Agent: oh I get it. You want to follow GPU lists in the link above
Customer: Yes
Agent: Please let me double check if we have any available
Customer: Sorry for the confusion
Agent: No worries. Please give me a moment while I check for you.  Unfortunately, we don't have the GPU in the list available. We currently have A4500 and 5000 and they both work just fine. You can contact the software company if you want. In case the list just recommended specs. Otherwise, you can buy a server without the GPU
Customer: If we buy the system without a graphic card and we install some graphic card by ourselves, you cannot assure the performance of computer or no warranty, right?
Agent: You can install the graphic card which validated with this system such as A4000, it will be fine. We just don't cover warranty for your GPU
Customer: I see. Do you have RTX A4500 16 GB? Alos, Quadro RTX A5000 16 GB? RTX A4500 is only from 20GB?
Agent: The RTX A5000 is 24Gb and the RTXA4500 is 20GB, unfortunately
Customer: How much is each one?
Agent: The A5000 is $2711.8 Please give me a moment to check for the A4500 price The price for A4500 is $2,194.40
Customer: That's the price when I buy with the system?
Agent: yes
Customer: I am just confused with the name. A5000 is Quadro RTX and A4500 is just RTX, right?
Agent: Yes, it is correct But RTX4500 is quadro too
Customer: Okay. Thank you. I will ask the compatibility of these graphic cards to the software company first. Thank you.
Agent: You're welcome.  Sound good! Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: That's all. I will ask you quote once the software company gives me go sign.
Agent: Sure. Please feel free to contact us here or email It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Ana How can I help you today?
Customer: Hi Liz, please can I have the drawing of the miniSas 25cm cable CBL-SAST-0550?
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we cannot provide drawing for the product. You can contact our Sales department to get support on this request. 
Sales-USA@supermicro.com
Customer: Ok, thanks
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: No, thanks
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi John How can I help you today?
Customer: Hi, I've ordered a couple servers and was wondering if I can get the serial numbers for them somewhere, or do I have to go look at the servers?
Agent: You can see your server serial number on the invoice paper shipped together with your server. Or you can follow this link to look serial number. https://www.supermicro.com/en/support/rma/sn
Customer: ok, so they are not in the store system. Thank you
Agent: Yes. You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: nope
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi John How can I help you today?
Customer: good morning I created an account this morning, i tried my credit card twice and it kept saying address did not match my card is used alot and I have no issues with other vendors
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: thank you
Agent: Do you happen to know your 9 digits zip code for your billing address?
Customer: 48642-4815
Agent: I saw your billing address is:
John Israel
Dow Inc.
2211 H H DOW WAY
MIDLAND, Michigan, 48642-4815
United States
T: 9897508686 
 which got AVI mismatch it doesn't match with your bank billing information
Customer: 48674 thats the issue it will not add the missing 4 digits
Agent: I see. Can you please check previous transaction with other vendors?
Customer: its just the 48674
Agent: Amazon is one will shows 9 digit zip code after you placed the order
Customer: it does not, let me call my bank and get an answer
Agent: Sound good! I'm sorry for this inconvenience. Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: no, i will chat if it does not get resolved
Agent: Sure. We will here to help. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi John
Customer: hello I am trying to enter my account billing zip  48674-0001  it will not accept it
Agent: I see, Please give me a moment to check.  Is this for :                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   John Israel
Dow Inc.
2211 H H DOW WAY
MIDLAND, Michigan, 48674-0001
United States
T: 9897508686
Customer: yes
Agent: Give me second to duplicate this.  Can you please try again?
Customer: it says please select an address with 9 digits now it worked
Agent: Awesome! Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: that was it thanks
Agent: You're welcome! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello Kyle
Agent: Hi Dave
Customer: I called supermicro Last week I was disconnected with a sales rep They said they had this power supply to be purchased even though it is not showing on the E-Store PWS-603R-PQ
Agent: It doesn't look like we carry this particular power supply on the eStore so you'll either have to check back with them or check with our resellers/distributors: https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy 
Customer: ok thanks
Agent: Hi Susumu
Customer: Hi Liz, question again. From https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/superworkstation?mlg=0 Only several is available for "Buy Now" All other systems are not available even though it is listed?
Agent: I'm sorry, we don't carry all the server listed on the main website
Customer: Thank you.
Agent: Hi Mike
Customer: Hi there, I'm looking for SuperMicro x10sl7-f i/o shield
Agent: I see. please give me a moment to find this for you. 
Customer: ok. thanks
Agent: the I/O shield you would need is MCP-260-00073-0N, but we don't carry it on eStore
Customer: any canadian distributors?
Agent: Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.
https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy
Customer: alrighty then. thanks.
Agent: You are welcome! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: nope. thanks.
Agent: You'r welcome! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hello Jocelyn, how can I help you? If you are looking for MCP-240-21824-0N, we do not carry this part on the eStore so please check with our resellers/distributors: https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy  Can I help you with anything else?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Mariel
Customer: Hello! Does your website have a place where I can look up the status of a warranty by serial number?
Agent: If you buy directly from our Supermicro Sale, I can check the warranty status for you. You also can register your server on our eStore to check the warranty status if you buy the server directly from our Sale
Customer: Okay, thank you That was all I wanted to know
Agent: You're welcome.  Hi Mary 
Customer: Hi, I have a question about tax-exempt orders. It looks like you send the paperwork (tax exempt certificates) after the order is placed. Is that correct? And then the tax gets refunded by ~10 days
Agent: Yes that is correct Before submitting a request, please review the tax exempt guide carefully.  Incomplete or incorrect submissions will be rejected.
https://store.supermicro.com/tax-exemption-guide
  We do accept tax-exempt, but it would be applied after the purchase not during the time of purchase.

In order to apply for tax exemption, you would need to provide valid certificate, which you can send to eStore-support@supermicro.com along with your order number.

Your tax-exempt request will be processed after we have verified that the certificate is valid. 
It usually takes up to 10 business days for the tax amount to return back to your original form of payment.
 
Customer: I'm placing an order right now, and I don't see an email address to send the paperwork to (yet). Ah. I see the email address above. I didn't see it on the tax exemption guide. That's it!
Agent: of course! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: I was cutting and pasting the information to my computer. Can you confirm (y/n) if you offer tax exempt status to Massachusetts-based companies?I don't think we have California status, but we usually (somehow) get around that hurdle. I work for MIT, and I believe our Certificate of Exemption is valid in a lot of other states, but California has issues (?) with Massachusetts paperwork? (Or something like that?) Our ST-2, or Certificate of Exemption, is given by the Massachusetts state government, and other states recognize it, usually.
Agent: Please give a moment to check. 
Customer: I can give you the Taxpayer ID # if it is helpful. I suspect you get other orders from us!
Agent: We had many companies from Massachusetts submit tax exemption with us and have no problem. 
Customer: (I'm double checking our website info to see if there's still a note about it.)
Agent: As long as she follow the tax exemption guide
https://store.supermicro.com/tax-exemption-guide as you follow* Can you please send me your certificate? We are going to check internally if it would work on out side. 
Customer: No, our website - for some reason - says our tax exempt status 501(c)(3) non profit organization status isn't recognized by California. I'm not sure why. Ok. Can I send it to the above email address? Or another one?
Agent: Yes that email. 
Customer: Got it. Do you want to stop the chat now or do you want me to stay on the chat while I send the paperwork?
Agent: You can stop the chat, we are going to check the certificate and get back with you through email.  
Customer: Great! I'll send it now. Thanks for your help, Mark!
Agent: of course. You're welcome Mary! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Bye!
Agent: Hi Craig How can I help you today?
Customer: Hi. I’m looking for the pin out or color code layout for the cable cbl-0068L
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we don't have any information about the pin out or color code layout for cable. Please contact our Sales department for this information  Sales-USA@supermicro.com
Customer: Okay thank you
Agent: You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today?  Hi Richard
Customer: What is recommended for 32gb dimms for 6038R-E1CR16H and 6048R-E1CR36H, both have X10DRH-iT motherboards, and all of my systems that i'm interested in upgrading have dual Intel(R) Xeon(R) CPU E5-2603 v3 @ 1.60GHz processors.
Agent: Please give me a moment to look this up .  I found MEM-DR432LC-ER26 https://store.supermicro.com/32gb-ddr4-2666-mem-dr432l-cl03-er26.html for 6038R-E1CR16H let me look now for 6048R-E1CR36H For 6048R-E1CR36H it would be the same as the one i just provided. 
Customer: could you also look up one more for me? SuperStorage 2029P-E1CR48H
Agent: Of course 
Customer: dual Intel(R) Xeon(R) Bronze 3104 CPU @ 1.70GHz i'd like 32gb dimms for that as well
Agent: Can i ask how many are trying to purchase? for the previous systems and this one?
Customer: i think 14 of the first one, and 4 of the second
Agent: would this be 14 each for 6038R-E1CR16H and 6048R-E1CR36H? and 4 for 2029P-E1CR48H?
Customer: 14 total of the MEM-DR432LC-ER26 and 4 of whatever is appropriate for the 2029P-E1CR48H
Agent: I see, Please give me a moment to check. 
Customer: i received 14 MTA18ADF4G72PZ-2G9B1 from some supermicro reseller (not sure which one, i'd have to contact our purchasing department), but they son't appear to work in the 6038R-E1CR16H, so i'll likely have to contact them to exchange for the correct ones they sent MEM-DR432L-CL05-ER32 for the 2029P-E1CR48H, but i hcan't tried to install them yet (haven't tried)
Agent: I see. I can check if MEM-DR432L-CL05-ER32 validated for the 2029P-E1CR48H
Customer: thanks
Agent: the one you gave me for 2029P-E1CR48H is validated MEM-DR432L-CL05-ER32 https://store.supermicro.com/32gb-ddr4-3200-mem-dr432l-cl05-er32.html
Customer: thanks for all your help.  at least i can get one machine upgraded.
Agent: Of course! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Nope, that's it. thanks!
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: You to! Richard Burhans left the following comment: Great help!  Give this employee a raise! Hi Kyle
Agent: Hi Christopher How can I help you?
Customer: Hi.  Supermicro X12DPL-NT6 has a PCIe 4.0 x8 NVMe SlimSAS Port with support of two NVMe connections ... but I cannot determine what kind of cable attaches to it, and if we can connect 2x u.2 2.5 NVMe SSDs to it In the manual, the port name is P2-NVME0/1
Agent: I see, let me check for you. Will this be in a Supermicro case/chassis with a backplane also?
Customer: Hi No it won't, will be a custom build, we are a custom builder in Los Angeles
Agent: We only have 2 cables that would work, one that goes from this port to a 2x miniSAS HD connector while the other to 2x oculink
Customer: Can you send the SKU for those parts, and Oculink...is that Supermicro's name for cable to u.2 or u.3 drives? SKU for both cables, thanks...
Agent: Sure give me a moment
Customer: OK
Agent: https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-slimline-sas-x8-to-2-x-oculink-x4-28cm-cable-cbl-sast-0816.html the oculink is for NVMe actually there's 2 other options
Customer: OK
Agent: Then there's this for U.2  https://store.supermicro.com/slimline-x8-to-2x-u-2-connector-with-power-cable-cbl-sast-0953.html This one for miniSAS HD connector on target side https://store.supermicro.com/supemicro-slimline-sas-x8-le-to-2x-minisas-hd-70cm-cable-cbl-sast-0826.html Then this one for SATA  https://store.supermicro.com/cbl-sast-0827.html So basically depending on what you want to use it for
Customer: So to attach u.2 NVMe SSDs we would need to use:  https://store.supermicro.com/slimline-x8-to-2x-u-2-connector-with-power-cable-cbl-sast-0953.html ?
Agent: Let me double check
Customer: OK.  Ideally, we want to RAID1 configure 2x 3.84TB Intel® SSD D7 P5510 Series U.2 PCIe 4.0 x4
Agent: Oh I see. If the connection on that Intel is 2 x U.2 SFF-8639, it should physically work
Customer: OK.  One last thing Kyle, how did you FIND these answers so fast?  Is there a matrix page or something?  I simply COULD NOT figure out what type of cable would be used in the parts list for the motherboard or online search, and I have been doing this 10 years!
Agent: Not super fast :). I just know the way around the main site. The motherboard doesn't list anything about the cables needed for anything outside of SATA unfortunately. 

If you search our slimsas cables on the eStore, there are 4 options on what the target connector would be: SATA, miniSAS HD, Oculink, or U.2 PCIE That Intel is a NVMe correct
Customer: Yes and I just checked Intel site doesn't say but on Amazon it says SFF-8639 so that sounds liek a match What is Oculink for again?
Agent: SFF-8639 is the U.2 form factor
Customer: Yes And what is Oculink?
Agent: The oculink is a different connector but also supports NVMe its quite confusing
Customer: OK, so on the motherboard it would say "Oculink" rather than SlimSAS...which...NONE of your cables say SlimSAS, which is what's written in the Motherboard manual, eStore only shows Slimline SAS - different name Kyle thanks I appreciate your help!
Agent: Our cables are Slimline SAS cables but only show Slimline in the name You're welcome
Customer: Thanks have a good one Christopher Johnson left the following comment: Kyle was great!
Agent: Hi Russel How may I help you today?
Customer: I am shopping for a server to host Veeam and provide backup data storage for our school district.
Agent: Do you have an eStore account created with us? 
Customer: I don't believe I do. We are running SuperMicro servers as our Hyper-V hosts, but they came through a vendor. The vendor has been bought out.
Agent: I see. Can you please create an account and let me know your email address? https://store.supermicro.com/customer/account/create/  We can give you the access to browse and configure our current server selection. You can access our System tab now once you log out and log back in. https://store.supermicro.com/customer/account/login/ Do you have any SKUs in mind yet?
Customer: I have an account now and am logged in.
Agent: Yes, can you please log out out and log back in to make sure our system pages work correctly https://store.supermicro.com/system.html Are you looking in some specific server SKUs? or any spec?
Customer: The spec from the Veeam vendor is 2x Xeon 4110, 8x 3.5 drive bays, 32GB RAM, 6 12TB drives, 2x M.2 480 GB system drives on RAID 1 2x 10 GbE
Agent: You can take a look at this SYS-620U-TNR server 
https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-2u-ultra-superserver-sys-620u-tnr.html The Xeon 4110 is in 1st Gen. This sytem uses the latest 3rd gen Intel scalable processor.
Customer: Ok. This looks like a better deal to me.
Agent: Sound good! Please let me know if you need any assistance
Customer: ok. thanks.
Agent: You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: That is all for now.
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: You as well...
Agent: Hi Patrick
Customer: Can it support U.2 NVMe disk? CBL-SAST-0826
Agent: please give me a moment to check. 
Customer: the backplane from SM chassis can support U.2 nvme disk just need to find the right cable
Agent: What is the chassis?
Customer: the HBA is 9500-8i 216be1c4-r1k23lp29
Agent: Thank you Please give me a moment. 
Customer: https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/chassis/2U/216/SC216BE1C4-R1K23LPB
Agent: Hi Mohamad
Customer: hello
Agent: How can I help you today?
Customer: I have a supermicro mini atx case that  need a hard drive mounting tray for it
Agent: May I know your full chassis part number?
Customer: cse-city and it says : factory code: ABC-06
Agent: Unfortunately, I cannot find any information for cse-city on my end Can you give me the serial number please? You can follow the guide here https://www.supermicro.com/en/support/rma/sn
Customer: there are 2 number, i will give you both CCITYAC48A00364 S14739713815119
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: ok S14739713B15119 i think the 8 was a B
Agent: This one is correct than the above 😄

Customer: so can you locate it?
Agent: I can locate your chassis, however, your system is custom built. I cannot check information on my end. Do you have the sale rep for this server?
Customer: no what about product CSE-101F do you have the hard drive mounting tray for it?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: thanks
Agent: MCP-290-10108-0B is the Dual System Tray Bracket I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry MCP-290-10108-0B on our eStore. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy 
Customer: thank you
Agent: Oh I'm sorry This is the system tray not drive tray I'm sorry for my mistake
Customer: i need the hard drive tray no problem
Agent: Unfortunately, the mounting tray goes with the chassis and it doesn't have the SKUs number for it. If you need the replacement, I recommend contact with our RMA department to see if they can support RMA department email address: rma@supermicro.com
RMA department phone #:  1-408-503-8000 option 3
 
Customer: thank you Hello
Agent: Hi Sonny
Customer: Hi Mark
Agent: How can i help you?
Customer: I need to two Supermicro server computers.  Do you have a couple vendors in Maryland USA that repair Supermicro servers?
Agent: Is this for  SSG-6047R-E1CR36N ?
Customer: yes
Agent: Did you purchase these servers from us?
Customer: From eBay i think you were the vendor shipped from CA
Agent: I see, Please give me a second to check on this.  
Customer: Thanks. I have bought another one and it’s on the way. I would like to repair the broken ones with no video.
Agent: Can i ask what you are trying to repair?
Customer: Graphics, they have no video while trying to repair one I took out a cable. It needs a replacement. The other one, I have replaced the Motherboard, but it has no video
Agent: I see. Since you didn't direct from Supermicro. Unfortunately, there isn't anything we can do for repair. You would have to contact the vendor you bought from .  
Customer: They said they don’t repair them. That is why I am asking if any other vendor might repair them If they are near here, I can drop them off.  If too far, I can freight.
Agent: I see. Please give me second to check. 
Customer: Okay. Thanks! I live near Northwestern Maryland.
Agent: Can you please open a CRM case through here ? https://webpr3.supermicro.com/SupportPortal/
Our TS should be able to help you from there. Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: okay. Do you mean your CRM can refer me to a couple repair centers? or your TS will have the repair info?
Agent: Tech support will try troubleshoot the problem. and then they'll recommend what would be the next step.  
Customer: Okay.  I think I rather want to have a professional tech to repair the two servers to load some type of warranty on it. I do need that type of support Repair with warranty on the workmanship I rather have the repairman to work with your tech support to fix the servers.
Agent: Do you have warranty from vendor you bought from?
Customer: No sir.  The reason is that I have spent days to load the bios following online instructions, but it didn’t work. One if the two has both the cabling and bios issue. It will take a professional.
Agent: Please check with Tech support they'll guide you with the correct information. 
Customer: *one of
Agent: They can be reached at support@supermicro.com
or
You can call 408-503-8000

Customer: Okay.  Thanks!  Do you know of any Supermicro repair facilities in Maryland?
Agent: Sorry, no we don't know.
Customer: or, nearby states other than your store in San Jose?
Agent: We don't have any information on finding repairs places.
Customer: I thought you have resellers all over the world Supermicro resellers
Agent: We have resellers and distributors https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy but we don't have repair centers. 

Customer: So, if I need a computer repair store, I just need to find one that is willing to repair my servers, right? I could have them contact your Tech Support so that you can talk in techies
Agent: If the server is  within warranty then we can repair it. 
Customer: They are not Do you sell extended warranty?
Agent: We do not sell extended warranty. Please contact our support team and they can help. 
Customer: Okay, but May I ship them to you to repair at cost plus some profit?
Agent: For that you can RMA department email address: rma@supermicro.com
RMA department phone #: 1-408-503-8000 option 3

Customer: Great!
Agent: Please contact them first to see if they do something like that.
Customer: How long would it take for a simple repair job like these two servers please? I will do sir
Agent: I wouldn't have the information on that. please check with them. 
Customer: Sir, I will do.  Are you by chance the owner?
Agent: No i am not. 
Customer: What should I tell the TS to say that you have referred me to them? CS, VP?
Agent: Let them know you have technical issues with your servers and they'll be able to help you out. 
Customer: I want to repair them, so that they don’t sit idle.  I would like have your TS to accept my case. If you can help with that, I would be so grateful sir!
Agent: I wouldn't no since they are different department. Contact them and they should provide you with the proper information. 
Customer: I will do as instructed.  For your record, my email is sonnyk1938@gmail.com.  I thank you for your outstanding customer service and assistance.
Agent: Thank you. You're welcome Sonny! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Sonny left the following comment: Once again, thanks for your outstanding customer service and kind assistance. Good Afternoon Tim,
Agent: Hi Matthew! 
Customer: I am having difficulty understanding what I need to do to update any fru information of a x10qbi mainboard I have received two or three methods, one of which, at charge I have a amidedos utlitty however, it says underneath R/W "W" and status "Failed" referencing the texted entered previously
Agent: Are you looking at SFT-OOB-LIC?
Customer: I am not familiar
Agent: just to clarify, are you looking to update bios/ipmi?
Customer: we replaced a mainboard and found using the amidedos utility the s/n to be incorrect as well as in the webconsole via bmc however IPMI reports this information accurately the customer will not have direct access and will require this information be accurate to submit additional calls for service I have sent a message posing this question to support, but it has not been addressed
Agent: One of the key advantages of SFT-OOB-LIC is to remote access and update latest BIOS via BMC/IPMI
Customer: are we required to purchase this license ? to update the fru information ?
Agent: do you know if the mainboard before had SFT-OOB-LIC? 
Customer: I am the technician and do not have access to this information we are capable of using dos/linux to access the fru information we appear to lack a utility to allow us to update
Agent: it sounds like you may need SFT-OOB-LIC license but i think it's best to wait for our tech support team to respond
Customer: Would you be able to draft a message explaining the necessity and use of this utility ? I can escalate
Agent: can you forward the email you sent to our support team and i can see if i can get our TS teamm on this eail email*
Customer: Are you able to confirm if we already have a license on file ? is this utility limited to one use or one system per purchase ? or limited in time ?
Agent: it's tied to the motherboard https://store.supermicro.com/software/software-license-key-activation-usage perhaps look here to see if it has been activated if it is not activated then most likely it means you do not have this license
Customer: it has not been activited
Agent: ok that means you don't have this license 
Customer: aside from ipmi, is there another utility to update the fru information ?
Agent: that's something you would have to check with our support team  they would have better knowledge of this
Customer: Thank you again
Agent: if you'd like you can forward me the email and i see if i can get a support team member to respond 
Customer: please...
Agent: you can forward me the email at estore-support@supermicro.com
Customer: will do thank you !
Agent: is there anything else i can help you with today? 
Customer: not at this time
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Matthew left the following comment: I appreciate Tim's willingness to assist in a moment of crisis. good morning
Agent: Hi Gordon
Customer: where can  I buy MBD-X10DRL-i
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry any motherboards on our eStore. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy 
Customer: thanks
Agent: you're welcome Can I help you with anything else?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Kyle How can I help you today?
Customer: Hello - I am interested in the workstation AS -5014A-TT, but I have my own GPU already I'd like to use. is this possible to for to install once I get the workstation or will I void the warranty if I open the workstation?
Agent: It wouldn't be affected the warranty if you install the GPU to the workstation
Customer: Ok, great! Thank you!
Agent: You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: that's all. have a great day
Agent: Hi Theo
Customer: Hi Liz
Agent: How can I help you today?
Customer: so I have couple units of H700S that getting connection failed while using java launcher to open the bmc console the HTML5 is working fine I also tried iKVM reset, unit reset, factory reset, powercycle etc also added the ip to java security exception list nothing seems to help, any suggestion ?
Agent: Hmm. I'm sorry to hear that. Can you please contact our technical support at Support@Supermicro.com 
Tel: +1 408-503-8000   They can help you solve this issue
Customer: Sure thanks
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Robert How can I help you today?
Customer: Hi.. I am trying to find CBL-CDAT-0601 for a server. Is there a different part number which may be compatible? CBL-CDAT-0674 seems to be similar but does not have the pin jumper on each end.
Agent: May I know your server part number/serial number please?
Customer: It is a self built server using Supermicro parts..
Agent: I see. Please let me check if I can find any alternative for the CBL-CDAT-0601
Customer: Thank you!!!
Agent: I see the description for CBL-CDAT-0601 is 4 Pin to 4 Pin I2C cable, 50cm, 26AWG
for the 	CBL-CDAT-0674 is 4 Pin to 4 Pin I2C Cable, 30cm, 26AWG, 4 Wires Since your server is custom build, I cannot guarantee if the CBL-CDAT-0674 is fit or not
Customer: Thanks.. That at least gets me in the right direction. I may reach back out once I can grab the part numbers for the SAS back plane and the controller.
Agent: Sound great! Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: Have a great day.. I am good. THanks
Agent: Thank you. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Can i still buy - Power Board - pdb-pt745-8824
Agent: Hi Eric Let me check for you We don't carry this particular power distributor, but it is not phased out. You'll have to check with our resellers/distributors: https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy 
Customer: OK
Agent: Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Sorry - I am looking there now -TY - GB ERIC KNIGHT left the following comment: The link does not help me
Agent: Hi Eric How can I help you today?
Customer: I was looking for a part - PT745-8824  - was sent to a link to find a dealer - No Good
Agent: I'm sorry for that. If you are unable to find this power distributor on our resellers. You can try with our RMA department to check if they can support the replacement for you
RMA department email address: rma@supermicro.com
RMA department phone #:  1-408-503-8000 option 3
  Or our Sale team at Sales-USA@supermicro.com   Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: OK - TY
Agent: You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: No Thank You - Have  Great Day
Agent: Thank you! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello, trying to find specific parts
Agent: Hi Trae
Customer: Hello I am looking to get SuperWorkstation 5049A-T And using raid card LSI 9300 (9361-8i) With 6 SAS drives I am not certain the back plate of the server for the drives And if I need
Agent: We don't carry this particular workstation unfortunately on the eStore. Have you checked our other workstations if those would work for you?
Customer: Cbl-sast-0699 cables I have the workstation Just need to know the backplate will be compatible with my raid card And or If I need to buy the 0699 cables from the e store
Agent: Oh understood. Let me check if its able to support it without having to change the backplane. 
Customer: Thank you!
Agent: The backplane BPN-SAS3-743A that comes with it can support SAS3/SAS2/SATA3
Customer: Ok, so I am good to use the LSI 9300, with the 0699 cables then? Sorry, I appreciate the help
Agent: Let me double check Please bear with me for a few more minutes while I check for you. 
Customer: You're good. I believe it would be but just want to be 100% sure
Agent: Ok actually, the backplane takes mini-SAS HD and I believe you're HBA (LSI 9300) also takes minisas HD CBL-SAST-0593 will work https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-minisas-hd-to-minisas-hd-60cm-cable-cbl-sast-0593.html you may need 2 of these cables
Customer: Ok, awesome thank you!
Agent: you're welcome! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: That's it! Appreciate it
Agent: Np! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Likewise! Trae left the following comment: Perfect
Agent: Hi Thurston How can I help you today?
Customer: Hi - I just need to get some peripheral power cables for a gpu installation. We ordered some more GPUs but didn't get the cables :| Or if you have the spec sheet / if I can get whichever pair of cables, that works too. Just a standard 8-pin
Agent: You can check our GPU cable in this page: https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/system/4U/4029/SYS-4029GP-TRT3.cfm
at the optional parts list
Customer: Got it, thanks.
Agent: You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: Wait actually ...
Agent: Yes
Customer: I think I need male to male, and the gpu cables section has female to female the male to male is for the cpu?
Agent: May I know which GPU do you try to install? I would need to check for the connector header
Customer: A6000
Agent: Unfortunately, I don't see the 4029GP-TRT3 server was validated with the RTXA6000. But let me check for you
Customer: Okay, sure. I can tell you that it's a 300W GPU and takes a 2x8pin connector.
Agent: It should be male to male connector to connect the GPU with the motherboard
Customer: Thanks
Agent: You're welcome. 
Customer: On this page: https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/system/4U/4029/SYS-4029GP-TRT3.cfm
under the gpu cables section, I don't see male->male Do I need cable 2? CBL-PWEX-1028 ?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: If it helps, from the manual, section 4.1: "12V 8-pin System GPU Power Connectors
Sixteen 8-pin 12V power GPU connectors are located at (JPWR1-JPWR8, JPWR9-JPWR16)
on the motherboard to provide power to system and GPU components. Refer to the table
below for pin definitions.

12V 8-pin CPU Power Connectors
Two 8-pin 12V power connectors (JPW11/JPW12) are located on the motherboard to provide
power to the processors. Refer to the table below for pin definitions." Okay, looks like it is cable 2 then
Agent: I would need to check internally to clarify which cable is worked for you Can I email you back via tbrevett@stanford.edu?
Customer: I think this is it - it says it's validated for SYS-4029GP-TRT3: https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-8-pin-cpu-to-8-pin-cpu-30cm-gpu-power-cable-cbl-pwex-1028.html
Agent: Yes, but I cannot guarantee the key in the connector is work with your GPU Can I email you back to confirm the cable?
Customer: I'm not worried about that: as long as each connector is rated for 150W I should be fine. And as long as it is a standard 8-pin
Agent: Oh I see
Customer: I'm familiar with computers - in terms of airflow/thermals, I can monitor that myself. I just need to make sure the power delivery is correct. Different hardware manufacturers have different pin-out standards on the motherboard But the gpu pin-outs are standardized. So as long as this cable maps to the standard PCI-E peripheral pin-out, and is rated for 150W per cable, I can take it from there.
Agent: I see For the rate I'm not sure since I don't have any information about this This is what I got for description of the CBL-PWEX-1028- GPU,2x4F/CPU to 2x4F/CPU,P4.2, 30CM,16AWG, 10A/pin, -40~105C
Customer: Okay, great. So 10A * 12V = 120V per pin correction: 10 amps * 12 volts = 120 Watts per pin
Agent: yes
Customer: The pin-out has 3 or 4 pins at 12V, so that's either 360W or 480W So the cable can handle 300W :)
Agent: That's good to be know that. Thank you 😄

Customer: Yup! Quick maths, haha
Agent: True!
Customer: It's not that scary once you're familiar 😊
Agent: That's true!
Customer: The last thing I'm looking for is overall power delivery - so let's say each gpu is drawing 300W, and I have 8 gpus: that means 8*300W = 2400W. I just need to check that the power supply can handle that.
Agent: The power supply in your server is 4x PWS-2K05A-1R -1U 2000W Redundant Titanium Power Supply W/PMbus 73.5x40x265mm,RoHS/REACH
Customer: If it can't, that's actually okay, because in software I can restrict the power Oooo, okay.
Agent: I think it should be good 
Customer: So um ... I guess I do need to restrict the power, haha Ohhhhh, wait it's 4 x 2000W = 8000W?
Agent: It's 2000W  for 1 power supply
Customer: Ohhh, okay, then yes, you're right! Perfect!
Agent: https://store.supermicro.com/2000w-1u-pws-2k05a-1r.html
Customer: Thanks!
Agent: You're welcome. 
Customer: I understand that it's not verified, but I'm convinced this is the cable I need. Can I pick this up in person somewhere near either 95112 or 94304?
Agent: Unfortunately, we do not have pick up option. I'm sorry for this inconvenience
Customer: No worries, I'm just in a rush. Shipping is fine then.
Agent: Sound good! We also have overnight delivery optiom *option
Customer: Okay, I'll start the checkout process and see how the prices work out
Agent: Sound good! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Will I get a copy of this chat history? Other than that, I think I'm all set!
Agent: Yes, you can get the transcription at the little 3 dots at the corner of this chat box I also can send it to your email
Customer: Okay, I just set the transcript to forward. Thanks!
Agent: You're welcome. 
Customer: I'm all set! I will need to work with my company to finalize the purchase. Thank you very much for your help!
Agent: Sound good! It is my pleasure to assist you.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: You as well! Take care!
Agent: Thank you!
Customer: Thurston left the following comment: Very helpful! Makes my day to have someone just be naturally helpful rather than just stick to a script.
Agent: Hi Carlos
Customer: does this model need an add on RAID controller card to be able to use ALL 12 hot swap drive bays in RAID 5/6
Agent: For raid 6, you would need an add-on controller as the onboard would not have that function
Customer: meaning, be able to use all 12 drives in a RAID volume using all 12 drives, not two RAID volumes so all 12 drives could be used in a RAID 5 volume?
Agent: Let me double check just in case Yeah for RAID 5, that should be fine with the onboard controller.  RAID 0,1,5,10 should be ok for it Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: I believe that's all, just in case... if I did need a RAID controller card for that system that could do RAID 6, which one is rated for that server?
Agent: Sure, let me check for you Thanks for waiting. We would be able to use AOC-S3108L-H8IR-16DD, but it seems to be limiting me to 8 drives when configuring on our end. 
Customer: appreciated..
Agent: The onboard should be limited to only 8 drives actually since 8 of them are in I-SATA and 4 are on S-SATA they don't talk to each other since they are on different channels but its allowing us to do all 12 drives on the same raid 5 but it shouldn't work which is why im checking on the raid controller card if it can
Customer: appreciated.. yes I'd like to be sure of whether or not I need an addon RAID controller
Agent: I'd have to get back to you on that as I'm checking with internal support. Can I email you back once I get an update for that?
Customer: yes please
Agent: Ok will do.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: that's all
Agent: Ok sounds good. Hopefully I can get an update today. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: thanks. Is there a listing of which chassis/barebones are certified for use with your 48VDC power supplies?
Agent: Hi Andrew Let me check What wattage were you looking?
Customer: 600-650w
Agent: Ok thanks So there's no official list, but for systems that do have PWS-706P-1R, PWS-503P-1R, and PWS-704P-1R, it can be replaced by a DC -48V equivalent PSU in PWS-654-1R (650W)  The chassis option I see is SC815, SC113 for the 600W option, I do see SC813M, 515M, 113M, 514, E403 chassis the PSU for the 600W option would be PWS-601D-1R
Customer: Anything 1 socket , 1U, redundant PSU?
Agent: Hmm, let me check https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/system/IoT/1U/SYS-110P-FRDN2T https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/chassis/1U/515/SC515M-R601 https://www.supermicro.com/products/system/1U/1019/SYS-1019P-FRDN2T.cfm
Customer: Looks like a decent number of options then
Agent: For the 650W option, theres only a 2 socket available from what I can see You can check this link and see the 1Us available: https://www.supermicro.com/en/search?Search=PWS-601D-1R
Customer: Okay.
Agent: might be easier this way
Customer: Yeah, looks like it. Appreciate the pointers.
Agent: You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: I think that's it.
Agent: Ok sounds good. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Andrew Bellows left the following comment: Great help!
Agent: Hi Roman
Customer: MBD-M12SWA-TF-O
PWS-2K08A-1R hi liza required all three looking for prices on them
Agent: The price for PWS-2K08A-1R is $513.28 each. 
I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry any motherboard on our eStore. 
Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.
https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy  FAN-0182L4 is $24.65 each
Customer: right thanks
Agent: You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: thankyew for your help thats it for now
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: you too
Agent: Thank you
Customer: Roman David left the following comment: 10/10
Agent: Hi Patrick 
Customer: Hello
Agent: How can i help you today?
Customer: I'm trying to find cable management arms for my server.  It looks like it should be MCP-290-00127-0N and MCP-290-00128-0N but I'm having trouble finding them on the eStore.
Agent:  We don't carry this product on our eStore. but please give me a moment to double check.  Yeah we don't have it. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.
https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy

Customer: Thank you.  I'll see if I can find a vendor I have a relationship with.
Agent: You're welcome. Can i help you with anything else?
Customer: That's all for today.
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Joshua
Customer: Hello, Looking at getting X11SPA-TF motherboard and have a question about the onboard intel raid If I use the onboard raid, can I setup 6 drives in a raid 10 (4 drives in the raid, 2 drives as global hot spares) and then use a SSD as the OS drive for esxi? also, Hi kyle, again. ha!
Agent: Hello again, let me check Oh you switched your name 🙂

Customer: Sorry, lol first name is josh, middle name is trae... it auto fills both at times
Agent: Let me check for this motherboard
Customer: I am trying to figure out if i need to speen $$$ on a external raid card or not. THank you!
Agent: I didn't get a concrete answer for the earlier question you had about needing a raid card or not
Customer: ok... hmmm. so youre not sure if I can use the onboard raid to setup RAID 10 volume while using a ssd for the Hypervisor drive for esxi correct?
Agent: Minimum of 4 drives needed for raid 10 and this motherboard can support 8 drives within a raid set 
Customer: can i also setup global hotspares with the onboard raid? i usually configure raid 10 with 4 drives in the array and 2 drives as global hotspares for a total of 6 drives
Agent: checking for this motherboard just to verify but I don't see an issue, give me a moment Same workstation from before correct?
Customer: yeah same workstation, it uses that motherboard Sorry my laptop died hopefully we're still connected ahh seet
Agent: Oh I'm still here
Customer: cool
Agent: So I double checked and there seems to be a limitation with the onboard controller, as you can only choose 4 drives with no global spares unfortunately. 
Customer: I see and what raid controller card does supermicro recommend for this workstation? (for a raid to with 6 drives, 4 in the array, 2 as global hotspares)
Agent: Checking because when I choose a 3108 controller, it does allow for 4 in the array but only 1 as a global hotspare Please give me a moment
Customer: Sure thank you
Agent: So odd, even if I choose 8 drives, it only lets me add 1 global hotspare. It might be a limitation of the configurator we have. 
Customer: yeah i seen that too when trying to configure on you site. I think its a glitch or bug
Agent: It should be able to have more than 1 global hotspare
Customer: with the UI'
Agent: It looks like the only raid controller validated for this workstation is the AOC-S3108L-H8iR 
Customer: is it on the estore?
Agent: We don't sell any HBA raid controllers on the eStore so you'll either have to check with our resellers/distributors: https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy or contact our Sales team at Sales-USA@supermicro.com
Customer: Perfect ok kyle... I think i am done bugging you today hahhaa
Agent: No worries! 
Customer: *think* being the key word
Agent: The SSD can either be on the onboard or controller card btw
Customer: ahh for the os?
Agent: yeah 
Customer: so i can have the virtual datastore there and then the ssd ran through the card too? sweet
Agent: That I'm not too sure, but I know you can add the SSD to be on the same controller card.
Customer: perfect
Agent: You may have to verify with our technical support team just in case 
Customer: sounds good sir appricate all your help
Agent: You're welcome!! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: that should be it!
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: likewise Joshua Trae Walters left the following comment: Kyle was very helpful
Agent: Hi James, 
Customer: Hi Mark ... is there a bezel available for the 	SYS-220U-TNR?
Agent: Please let me check. 
Customer: thank you
Agent: we do have MCP-210-82601-0B https://store.supermicro.com/front-bezel-mcp-210-82601-0b.html It's not in stock but i can request for inventory transfer. 
Customer: when i validate against my sku the system says it's not been validated.  but you're confident it fits? i would be looking to buy 2 of the bezels
Agent: If you go to the systems product page under optional parts list you'll see it there  in 2U Front Bezel https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/system/Ultra/2U/SYS-220U-TNR 
Customer: ok cool.  easy way for me to make a purchase?  do i add to cart, purchase and then hope it arrives?  ;-)
Agent: Ill have request for two inventory transfer and ill email you at jward@assurity.com when they are ready to purchase. 
Customer: awesome Mark!
Agent: You're welcome. Ill email when they are ready to purchase. 
Customer: ok thanks again and have a great day James Ward left the following comment: Mark was excellent! how do I get rid of this stupid pop up that is making it difficult to use the site
Agent: Hello Steve
Customer: Please answer my question
Agent: I'm sorry for the inconvenience, so even if you click on the X, it pops up again?
Customer: There is no x on the pop up. should I shop elswhere?
Agent: You're talking about the hand pop up right? I was able to close it by hovering over the pop up and there was a X to close it
Customer: I will try it. Thanks
Agent: Hi Richard How may I help you today?
Customer: does estore build the server?
Agent: yes, we do
Customer: TI22-S01-1 Commercial Equivalent. 

TBD - TI22-S01-1 Commercial Equivalent

consisting of:

1046626 - SUPERMICRO 213BAC8-R1K23WB SUPERCHASSIS 2U W/ (16) 2.5" SAS/SATA,

1200W PSU

1039382 - MBD C622 PROP WIO UP SOCKET-P (LGA3647) SATA SUPERMICRO X11SPW-TF

1045466 - CPU 2.1GHZ SERVER 26 CORE LGA3647, 35.75MB CACHE 150W INTEL XEON

GOLD 6230R (TRAY)

1044446 - Supermicro 2U Passive CPU Heat Sink Socket LGA3647-0 (SNK-P0068PS)

1038511 - TPM 2.0 MODULE FOR 10-PIN TPM HEADER, SUPERMICRO AOM-TPM-9670V-S

(6) 1046409 - MEM 64GB DDR4-2933 ECC REG DIMM KINGSTON KSM29RD4/64HAR

1039491 - RISER, RSC-R2UW-2E8E16+ SINGLE X16, TWO X8, SUPERMICRO

1045437 - SUPERMICRO Right Hand Side WIO Riser Card - RSC-R2UW-E8R-UP

TBD - MiniSAS to Mini SAS HD

(2) 1039299 - CBL SAS SFF-8643 (MINI-SAS HD) TO (4) SATA, 75/75/75/75cm W/SIDEBAND,

REVERSE BREAKOUT,CBL-SAST-0591

(9) 1004387 - SUPERMICRO MCP-220-00043-0N REMOVABLE HDD TRAY ADAPTER FOR

2.5IN HDDS IN A 3.5IN HS BAY

1040594 - CHELSIO T6225-SO-CR, LOW PROFILE, DUAL PORT 1/10/25GBE SERVER

OFFLOAD ADAPTER

1046699 - VID DT NVIDIA RTXA2000 PCI-E 4.0x16 12GB GDDR6 (4xmDP), Active, LP, Dual Slot,

VCNRTXA200012GB-BLK

1030542 - SOUND BLASTER AUDIGY FX PCI 5.1 CHANNEL 24-BIT, PCIe SOUND CARD -

70SB157000000

1035019 - ODD 6X BD-R (8x DVDRW) SL SATA LG BU40N BLACK

1033029-REVA - BRKT, DVD MTG, 2U, REV "A"

1033030-REVA - INSULATOR, DVD ROM, REV "A"

1040228 - CBL, 36IN SLIMLINE SATA (13-PIN DATA/POWER) TO (1) SATA + (1) LP4 MOLEX

SLSATAF36

1007213 - Supermicro Full Height Serial Expansion Bracket (internal MB header to bracket) -

CBL-0010L

1045436 - SUPERMICRO AIR SHROUD - MCP-310-82511-0B

2U Services

1 YEAR Return-To-Depot Warranty do you have contact person or phone  or email address hello
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: thanks
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do customer built on our eStore.
Customer: you do or do not
Agent: I'm sorry custom build. You will need to contact our Sale team for this request Sales-USA@supermicro.com   They will be able to do custom build for you Hi Obata
Customer: Our customer is using your products, and unfortunately memory cards ( 2 cards ) failed.
Agent: I am sorry to hear that. 
Customer: Do you have two MEM-DR464L-SL01-ER29 cards in stock ?
Agent: please give me second to check  yes we do MEM-DR464MC-ER29 https://store.supermicro.com/64gb-ddr4-2933-mem-dr464l-sl01-er29.html
Customer: Thank you for your help. We will check it. Bye.
Agent: You're welcome It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Kai
Customer: Hi Liz I'd like to order an OOB license for my private server. I live in germany and the estore does not allow me to set the country to something else than US.
Agent: I’m sorry, but our OOB license is only available for US-based customers (US billing address) to purchase. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy  I'm sorry for this inconvenience.
Customer: No problem. this helps. Thanks
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: I'm fine, thanks. Have a nice day and stay healthy.
Agent: Thank you! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: goodbye
Agent: Hello Obata
Customer: Thank you for the information just before. We would like to know approximate days to get them.
If we ordered two MEM-DR464L-SL01-ER29 memory cards then how long will 
it take for delivering to Japan ?
Agent: Of course. Unfortunately, our eStore only ships within United States.   Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.
https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy

Customer: OK. Thanks a lot.
Agent: You're welcome Obata! It was nice talking to you again. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hey I was wondering what availability you had for this fan (FAN-0104L4)
Agent: Hi Matthew
Customer: The website says they are in stock, but also says that they have "0" in stock
Agent: How many were you looking for?
Customer: 5
Agent: Ok give me a moment while I check
Customer: thx
Agent: It looks like we just have to update our inventory, hopefully shouldn't take more than 30 min. I can email you once it is done
Customer: Thanks, sounds great, appreciate it
Agent: You're welcome Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: nope, that's it
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Arnold
Customer: hello  i would like to add memory to my servers 2tb on each
Agent: Please give me second to check.  For what server is this?
Customer: it will be 16 qty at 64 GB each so 32 uits X10DRG-Q
Agent: Okay. thank you  This one would be for 64GB MEM-DR464MC-ER29 https://store.supermicro.com/64gb-ddr4-2933-mem-dr464l-sl01-er29.html. 
Customer: 2933 are  you sure
Agent: It is replacement for MEM-DR464L-SL01-ER21 https://store.supermicro.com/64gb-ddr4-2133-mem-dr464l-sl01-er21.html?utm=testedlink
Customer: this is what the spec sheet says Memory Capacity 	

    16x 288-pin DDR4 DIMM slots ,
    Up to 2TB ECC 3DS LRDIMM, 1TB ECC RDIMM

Memory Type 	

    2400/2133/1866/1600MHz ECC DDR4 SDRAM 72-bit https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/motherboard/X10DRG-Q max 2400mhz?
Agent: I see, Please give me a moment to find another one.  we have MEM-DR464LE-LR26 MEM-DR464L-HL03-LR26 The main site  wasn't updated for higher speed but if click on "Tested Memory List" the spec sheets it goes 3200.
Customer: yes not 64gb though
Agent: the only other would be MEM-DR464LE-LR26 https://store.supermicro.com/64gb-ddr4-mem-dr464l-hl03-lr26.html but its EOL. Can i asked would these be shipped within United States?
Customer: yes
Agent: I am check internally if we can get  some of the memory i gave you that is EOL. Is it okay if email at 
arnold@avetria.com when i get an update?
Customer: yes please
Agent: Also before i do this can you confirm the billing & shipping is with United States?
Customer: as I said I need to add ram to 2 server I want 2TB of ram on each server please quote
Agent: within*
Customer: New York State
Agent: Okay. ill email you once i get an update!
Customer: great
Agent: Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: nope all good thank you for now
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Stanley
Customer: Are there Linux (CentOS) drivers for the builtin Intel Raid card on this server?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: Thank you.
Agent: The Linux kernel has to have the driver builtin. The OS version has to have the driver already.
Customer: Okay. Thank you.
Agent: You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: I want to find out more about the Supermicro Rackmount Keyboard and Mouse Combo (Included) I assume this server comes with the rack mount rails.
Agent: Yes, the server should go with the rails https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/system/1U/5019/SYS-5019C-MR.cfm You can check the rail set is in the parts lists note
Customer: Thank you.  Good Bye.
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Bart How may help you today?
Customer: can you send me volume pricing for 22pcs pls MCP-220-00080-0B
Agent: For the volume pricing, can you please fill out this form? https://store.supermicro.com/quote#MCP-220-00080-0B
Customer: you have all my info, but ok stand bu by
Agent: Our quote agent will contact you back with the price
Customer: done thanks
Agent: You're welcome. 
Customer: Hello
Agent: Hi Joshua, 
Customer: Hi So I was wondering if the above chassis will be suitable for: AsRock Rack ROMED8-2T ATX Server Motherboard
Agent: Please give me a moment to check.
Customer: size wise it looks to fit and it should have standard connections so i dont see why it shouldnt fit
Agent: On the chassis specs page https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/chassis/4u/743/sc743ac-1k26b-sq it shows it supports for maximum motherboard sizes: 12" x 13" E-ATX and ATX. 
Customer: yeah and this motherboard is 12x9 i just didnt know if there was something I dont see with the chassis that would make it not work
Agent: As long as it fit in between the max size 12" x 13"  it should be okay,  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: :) thank you very much. the sas backplane what connector is it? for like a raid card connection trying to see if i need 589 or 699 cables
Agent: Please give me second to check.  The backplane on the the chassis you gave me has miniSAS HD 
Customer: thank u that should be all appricate the help
Agent: of course you are welcome! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: likewise Joshua Trae Walters left the following comment: Mark was helpful
Agent: Hello David, how can I help you?
Customer: can i order servers like this directly from you? We will need ~10 units.
Agent: You should be able to if we have the server in stock and you can add components from your end.  For which server you were inquiring about? You will just need to create/register for an eStore account to complete your purchase
Customer: well, i sent you the exact specs, was hoping for an answer about availablilty.
Agent: The file you sent didn't have any specs that I can see
Customer: sorry, wrong file! 1 sec
Agent: No worries 
Customer: by bad. they are saying 27 weeks and I simply cannot wait
Agent: Ok thanks, give me a moment while I check oh wow, that's quite the lead time
Customer: thanks! essential: twin 500gb ssd RAID1, 32gb ram. 1 processor. 1 ru, half depth (for 2 post rack), twin gig nics, Need 5 very soon and another 5 beginning Q3
Agent: Looks to be a special configuration that includes that motherboard. The SYS-5019C-M or SYS-5019C-MR is typically the server that is used for this. 

For half depth, let me check what we have available that would fit your specs.  https://store.supermicro.com/mainstream-1u-sys-510t-ml.html Uses the next gen CPU E-2300 processor if that works for you We currently have 2 available for this one and will get more later today if not early next week  twin  SSD would be for the rear and can be set up for RAID 1
Customer: motherboard raid or card? the ones we were getting have the drives stacked just like the pic on the web page
Agent: which webpage are you referring to? It comes with raid from the onboard controller on the motherboard. 
Customer: the link you sent is the chassis we get https://store.supermicro.com/mainstream-1u-sys-510t-ml.html
Agent: Oh ok, got it. Yeah they would be stacked like the 4th image let me check on the raid
Customer: i dont need keyboard & mouse
Agent: Sure, we can remove that 
Customer: would this order come as a box of parts or assembled?
Agent: No need for the controller card as the onboard motherboard can handle the raid  it would come assembled
Customer: power supply?
Agent: It will include a 350W power supply 
Customer: fantastic. what do i need to do to get this going?
Agent: I can provide a pre-configured system for you with the specs you require.  and after you review it, we can modify or you can purchase if everything looks good
Customer: great! i was afraid of a huge delay
Agent: US credit card or ACH bank account transfer payment work for you?
Customer: cc
Agent: ok sounds good
Customer: tax exempt
Agent: so you just needed 2 SSDs in a raid 1 setup just to confirm
Customer: we are a reseller
Agent: We do accept tax-exempt, but it would be applied after the purchase not during the time of purchase.

In order to apply for tax exemption, you would need to provide valid certificate, which you can send to eStore-support@supermicro.com along with your order number.

Your tax-exempt request will be processed after we have verified that the certificate is valid. 
It usually takes up to 10 business days for the tax amount to return back to your original form of payment.
  Before submitting a request, please review the tax exempt guide carefully.  Incomplete or incorrect submissions will be rejected.
https://store.supermicro.com/tax-exemption-guide
  That's our current process for tax exemption
Customer: yes, 2 ssd > 480gb, simple raid1 these boxes dont work hard, but thy have to be up.
Agent: our closest to 500gb would be the 480GB option ok sounds good
Customer: yup
Agent: which CPU did you want to go with?
Customer: the E-2334 is still an upgrade from what we were using so it will be fine
Agent: ok got it, thanks I think we should be able to provide a preconfig shortly hopefully within the next 30 - 45 min. I can email you once it is ready for you to review
Customer: fantastic. ddunlap@heart.net
Agent: thank you! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: no sire, you have made my week! *sir
Agent: Hopefully I did. I'll be in touch soon. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: thanks, you too
Agent: Hi Alvin
Customer: Hi I am looking for assistance with a purchase I am looking to buy 3 of this backplane: BPN-SAS3-815TQ-N4
Agent: I see, please give me second to check. 
Customer: Ok thank you
Agent: We don't carry any backplane on our eStore. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.
https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy
or You can contact our Sale team at Sales-USA@supermicro.com to see if they can help
Tel: +1 408-503-8000
 Can I help you with anything else?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com 
Customer: Hello. I am trying to order three fans, FAN-0104L4, the page says "in stock" but when I try to add to cart I get an error message that says "We currently have "-8" of the "Supermicro 80mm Hot-Swappable Middle Axial Fan (FAN-0104L4)" in stock, but we may have enough inventory to complete your order. Please contact us via "email or live chat"
Agent: Hi Joe Let me check for you It looks like it is out of stock, but I can request for more inventory of this fan, which may take several hours. I can email you once they are available for purchase. 
Customer: Ok, "several hours" -- I guess that means they're in a different warehouse?
Agent: It has to be approved then physically accepted/processed before being made available so around 3-4 hours I'd say to be safe especially it being lunch time right now
Customer: Ok I see. Yes that works. You have my email already right, do you need any more info? I need three of the fans.
Agent: jwearing@gmail.com?
Customer: yes
Agent: yeah should be able to get 3 pcs
Customer: Ok great.
Agent: Great. Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: That's all for now. I'll keep an eye on my email. Thanks.
Agent: Sounds good. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: You too, bye Is the MEM-DR432L-CL05-ER32 compatible with the SSG-2029P-E1CR48H?
Agent: Hi Richard let me check Yes it is compatible
Customer: I tried installing it, and got the message "No memory DIMM detected, install memory DIMMS".  Do I need a specific BIOS or firmware version to be installed?
Agent: All it says is BIOS version 3.2 or above is required to support 2nd Gen Intel® Xeon® Scalable processors (codenamed Cascade Lake-R) Is this a brand new server?
Customer: No, it's not brand new, it's running BIOS version 3.0b
Agent: Oh ok  I'm assuming its a 2nd gen Intel Scalable 
Customer: It has two Intel® Xeon® Bronze 3104 processors running at 1.70GHz Not sure which generation those are
Agent: Let me check on that That looks to be 1st gen, skylake The memory isn't compatible in this case as it needs 2nd gen or newer. let me check what's compatible
Customer: thanks looking for 4 x 32gb dimms
Agent: Any of these 3 options should work

https://store.supermicro.com/32gb-ddr4-3200-mem-dr432l-hl02-er32.html 

or https://store.supermicro.com/32gb-ddr4-3200-mem-dr432l-sl05-er32.html

or https://store.supermicro.com/32gb-ddr4-3200-mem-dr432l-cl06-er32.html
Customer: thanks for your help!  I'll talk with our reseller and see if we can get these onese exchanged
Agent: Just difference in branding Sure sounds good The one you bought has 16GB modules on the DIMM itself that are only supported with cascade lake or newer *DRAM size module on the 32GB  the ones that are compatible are the 8GB DRAM size on the 32GB stick But yeah, those 3 options are compatible. Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: nope, that's it, thanks!
Agent: you're welcome! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day and weekend, goodbye!  Hi Tyler
Customer: good afternoon
Agent: Good afternoon. How can I help you today?
Customer: i need to determine if the amount listed on my order includes tax and shipping i clicked "add to cart" to attempt to go to check out where taxes and shipping charges are normally listed but the system prompted me to chat or email about the product
Agent: Can you please provide a screenshot? Is this for the server SYS-6029U-TR4?
Customer: Supermicro 2U Ultra SuperServer (SYS-6029U-TR4) yes
Agent: Thank you! Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: perfect. if the total does not include taxes and shipping; would you be able to email me an official quote that does reflect those numbers?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check the inventory for the 6TB drives. 
Customer: thanks
Agent: I've updated the inventory for the 6TB drives. Can you please try again?
Customer: got it. thank you so much
Agent: In order to get the price include tax and shipping. You would have to go to the checkout page/shipping page I'm sorry has to be go to review and payment page
Customer: on the shipping page, it does not allow me to move forward to the review and payments page there isnt a "next buton" or equivilant
Agent: Did it show any alert on the page? Can you please provide the screenshot Are you able to go to payment yet?
Customer: im getting there now i had to go back to the main page and re-create the order (i had to remove an item i accidentally added that was obsoleete)
Agent: Oh I see.
Customer: yea it wouldnt allow me to remove it when i got to the payment page ok now im there thank you so much for all the help
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  Hi Brad
Customer: Hello- do you ship to Canada?
Agent: Unfortunately, Supermicro eStore doesn't ship outside the United States.  Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.
https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy
 Is there anything else I may help you with today?  Hi Julian
Customer: Hi Liz
Agent: How can I help you today?
Customer: Looking for a hardware PCI RAID for the chassis/motherboard combo noted above. I believe SMC3108 is compatible?  Also need to know what breakout cables to buy?
Agent: is this your chassis part number CSE-825TQ-R740LPB? https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/chassis/2u/825/SC825TQ-R740LPB
Customer: just one moment, let me confirm that. Sticker on the side shows "CSE-825"
Agent: May I have the serial number for both motherboard and chassis please? https://www.supermicro.com/en/support/rma/sn
Customer: Serial of chassis:  C8250FD20M90424 one sec, need to grab serial of motherboard
Agent: Thank you
Customer: Motherboard:  S09628224623936
Agent: Thank you! Please give me a moment while I check for you.  So your server is SYS-6027R-TRF. https://www.supermicro.com/products/system/2U/6027/SYS-6027R-TRF.cfm For the cable, can you explain a little bit for this is this for networking?
Customer: It is to connect the SATA SSD drives to the RAID controller I think the RAID controller needs a breakout cable of some kind?  1 port on RAID controller connects to 4 SATA drives?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  The CBL-SAST-0699 works for you https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-minisas-hd-to-4-sata-75-75-90-90cm-12gb-s-with-sideband-75cm-cable-cbl-sast-0699.html I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry any AOC on our eStore. 
Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.
https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy 
Customer: understood.  But if I can find someone carrying an AOC-S3108L-H8iR:  first, is that compatible with my motherboard and second, the minisas-hd-to-4-sata cable you linked would be the right cable, yes?
Agent: For the AOC compatible, I'm checking for this now. If the AOC connector is miniSAS HD it should be the one since your backplane is SATA connector Please bear with me for a few more minutes while I check for you. 
Customer: no problem!
Agent: For the AOC-S3108L-H8iR, I only see it was tested with the X9DR3-LN4F+. I would need to check internally for this motherboard RAID card compatible since your motherboard is old. Can I email you back via julian.chocholak@spirent.com?
Customer: yes please! Alternately, if there is some other hardware RAID PCI-based controller card (even if no longer supported) that was validated on my motherboard/backplane, I could hunt for one as well. Always prefer to purchase direct from vendor but yeah, this is an old chassis.
Agent: Sure! I will check for that and email you back. Just to confirm, the RAID card is for SAS drive?
Customer: Drives are actually SATA SSDs https://www.crucial.com/ssd/bx500/ct2000bx500ssd1
Agent: I see. I will check for that and get back to you on this via email. Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: that's all for today - really appreciate your time and advice.
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Likewise, Liz - thank you and good day to you! Julian left the following comment: Liz was great, very helpful and responsive.  Would like to say that I wish I could resize the chat window, though?  It's too small.
Agent: Hi Peter
Customer: Hi Mark.. we have a couple of machine with the 813MFTQC-350CB2 chassis... but the rails that came with are too short.. our rack is about 34" deep... is there an alternative rail mount for this chassis which is longer?
Agent: the ones that comes with this chassis is MCP-290-00102-0N Outer rail, quick-release type, 25.6" to 33.05" Please give me second to look. 
Customer: thank you :)
Agent: Please bear with me for a few more minutes 
Customer: sure thing
Agent: I am sorry i couldn't find anything else except for CSE-PT52L https://store.supermicro.com/1u-cse-pt52l.html which the same size that came with it 
Customer: yeah that's the same.. bummer
Agent: I am sorry. I can check internally just to make sure. Is the email pschroeder@telzio.com okay to update you once i get any information?
Customer: that would be great! thank you so much
Agent: Sorry i just heard back and we don't have any other ones. 
Customer: alright
Agent: Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: no thats it
Agent: Have a wonderful Friday and weekend! It was nice talking to you. goodbye!  You may have to try the universal rail kit from a 3rd party vendor like Rack Solutions as they may have longer versions https://www.racksolutions.com/
Customer: Hello, I have a question regarding an I-SATA connector on the X12DPG-QT6 motherboard
Agent: Hello Matthew, sure how can I help you?
Customer: I'm looking to find compatible cables for the I-SATA connectors on the X12DPG-QT6 motherboard The product manual doesn't seem to indicate what type of SATA connector it is
Agent: let me check for you Is this inside a Supermicro case or chassis?
Customer: No, just the motherboard
Agent: Ok thanks
Customer: MBD-X12DPG-Qt6-B is the full part number
Agent: Wish they actually mentioned anything, but if I look at a workstation that has this motherboard, I do see mostly slimline sas cables being used https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-slimline-sas-x8-to-4-sata-26cm-cbl-sast-0813.html it actually might be minisas-hd
Customer: Is that for the I-SATA or NVMe connectors?
Agent: The first one may be for NVMe as its an NVMe workstation  They made this difficult, sorry
Customer: No worries, I had similar difficulties trying to figure it out from the manual
Agent: I'm just trying to find a better picture as the diagrams don't really help It looks like a mini-SAS connector  https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-internal-right-angle-minisas-to-4-sata-75-75-90-90cm-with-sideband-90cm-cable-cbl-sast-0644.html
Customer: Okay, thank you for your help.
Agent: You're welcome. I may have to double check on this and email you back  its not very clear
Customer: Sure
Agent: Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: No, that will be all. Thanks
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Jamey How may I help you today?
Customer: I this in stock for qty 7
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry CBL-C6-YL6FT-S8 on our eStore. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy  The only one we have is CBL-C6-YL6FT. https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-10g-rj45-cat6-1-8m-yellow-cable-cbl-c6-yl6ft.html Hello James, how can I help you?
Customer: Well I ordered a set of rails for my chassis but it appears they are too short for the box.  I have a 4U 24 bay chassis and the inner rails that it came with are 26 inches.  What I apparently ordered has 19 inch inner rails. I need to get the "right" size.
Agent: Hi James For which system is this?
Customer: Supermicro 846-9 X9DRi-LN4F 4u 24 bay server
Agent: Ok let me check What was your order#?
Customer: oh sorry I bought it from ebay not from you directly.  It was a surplus deal
Agent: Oh I see For this server, you will need a  MCP-290-00057-0N: https://store.supermicro.com/4u-5u-rail-kit-mcp-290-00057-0n.html
Customer: ok so for the set I ordered which are too short what are my options? I ordered the 58 by mistake it seems
Agent: So did you order from us directly or you went through ebay? If ebay, you'll have to go through them
Customer: No I ordered them directly with order #1000024375
Agent: I see where the confusion is. You ordered the system from ebay and the rails from us
Customer: yep!
Agent: MCP-290-00058-0N is the short depth version  the 57-0N is the full length
Customer: Sadly I learned that the hard way tonight when I went to install.  :(
Agent: you can return it via https://webpr3.supermicro.com/SupportPortal/ you'll have to create an account for RMA and then file a new RMA request
Customer: ok that I can do.  So the 57 will work/fit?
Agent: The 58 should fit actually as it is compatible with your chassis. It's not an issue with the rack itself is it?
Customer: no I have a standard 30 inch rack with other servers in there.  This is a mistake on me sadly
Agent: Just to clarify, the issue is with the inner rail length, which decides the pull-out-from-rack distance of the chassis? the other rail, which is the post-to-post distance of the rack is fine? *outer rail
Customer: that's correct my rack has adjustable columns so that's not the issue.  When I tried to load the outer and inner rails the inner wouldn't allow the outer rail to go all the way to the front of the chassis.
Agent: Let me see if I can get a manual for the 846 chassis, there's typically instructions that may help
Customer: that would be much appreciated though I think I know the issue is length
Agent: https://www.supermicro.com/manuals/chassis/4U/SC846.pdf Starting page 75 
Customer: excellent!  Thank you!  That will help me when I am ready to upgrade the mother board too!  Just curious if you can tell me the original retail on the system as I know it's fairly old.
Agent: Not sure how much longer the MCP-290-00057-0N inner rail will be compared to the 58 Inner rail display depth for the MCP-290-00058-0N is 22" for the MCP-290-00057-0N, it's 24"
Customer: yeah I measured the inner at 19 on what I ordered/received and 26 on the one attached to the chassis.
Agent: The one you ordered should work though with your chassis. I would double check going through the manual step by step if possible. I'm not sure the longer rail kit would work since it may be longer than what your rack needs. It does have 2 more inches in inner rail display depth though
Customer: fair enough.  so back to my retail question, can you tell me what it was when new?
Agent: Are you talking about the chassis?
Customer: yep
Agent: I was just basing off the 846-9t the other part is the motherboard, the X9DRi-LN4F https://www.supermicro.com/products/chassis/4U/846/SC846E2-R900.cfm so I pulled the manual for that one, which works for every 846 chassis
Customer: yep that's the MB I have the LN4F
Agent: what power supply is installed? what wattage?
Customer: dual 920 watt
Agent: Oh ok, it might be this one then https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/chassis/4U/846/SC846BE26-R920B
Customer: looks very similar with the SAS slots in the back.  Just curious what was retail on that model?
Agent: maybe slight differences, but yeah similar model I don't know tbh since we don't sell any chassis barebones and not that model
Customer: ok fair enough. Thanks for the help.  Going to order the rails and return the others and hopefully get this thing up and in the rack! Love the service here thanks so much!
Agent: You're welcome and sounds good. If you're still having issues with it, I would also check with our technical support team at support@supermicro.com or calling (408) 503-8000
Customer: James left the following comment: Kyle was outstanding!  Quick, responsive and thorough in his responses.  Genuinely appreciated his insight and suggestions!
Agent: Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: will do thanks!  No.  Have a great rest of your night!
Agent: Thank you! It was nice talking to you. Have a great night and weekend, goodbye!  Hi Cedric How may I help you today?
Customer: My BIOS is stuck and wont continue. After reading online my BIOS may have gotten corrupted. The only way to update the BIOS now seems to be through IPMI but i need a Product Key to do so
Agent: Do you plan to do update the BIOS remotely?
Customer: Well i cant update it on the computer itself because it wont boot into anything I am right next to the Server but i have to do it "remotely"
Agent: I see. Please give me a moment while I check for you.  Please bear with me for a few more minutes while I check for you. 
Customer: ok im waiting
Agent: I cannot find the X9DRi-F is support with the OOB license. I would recommend checking with our technical support for this issue.
Tech Support: Support@Supermicro.com 
Tel: +1 408-503-8000   Hi Brandon
Customer: Hello Looking to get 16 of MEM-DR432MD-ER32 but the page says only 15 in stock, but to chat in case you have more?
Agent: Please give me a moment to check. 
Customer: Thanks
Agent: I see, yeah we only have 15 on eStore. I'll have check internally if i can get one more.  Is it okay if i email at brandon_martus@innovationfirst.com once i get an update?
Customer: Yep, that works.
Agent: I'll email you as soon i get an update! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Thank you.  That'll be it. Good afternoon, I was wondering if you knew whether Supermicro planned to offer workstations fitted with the Threadripper 5000 series of processors in the future?
Agent: Hi Alexander Possibly but let me check There's no ETA when we'll have a system/workstation with the Threadripper 5000 series available unfortunately. It's really new so hopefully in the next few weeks we'll some that will include this option.  We will check internally and get back to you if we have an update.
Customer: Thanks!
Agent: You're welcome Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: No, nothing else.
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Saho How can i help you?
Customer: Hello we are setting up a company and we would like to know which are the best servers if possible blade ones to set up for http(web) hosting
Agent: I see, our eStore doesn't carry blade system. but carry other ones that are good for web hosting
Customer: which omes do you recommend?
Agent: Please give me a moment to get that for you. 
Customer: ok thanks
Agent: We have few that good for web hosting on eStore website. Our mainstream has 5 that can web hosting https://store.supermicro.com/systems/mainstream.html?system_applications=1144.  SYS-5019P-MR https://store.supermicro.com/mainstream-server-1u-sys-5019p-mr.html would be good choice.  Can i ask are you thinking of purchasing a system from eStore? If so,  would these be shipped within United States?
Customer: No we are an european company
Agent: I see. Unfortunately, our eStore only ships within United States. 
Customer: Oh I see thank anyway cheers
Agent: You can check with https://www.supermicro.com/en/about/contact For UK Office. 
Customer: Ok I think that's all thanks for you help :)
Agent: Of course!  You can also check with our resellers and distributors for availability.
https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy

Customer: Saho left the following comment: Mark is the best guy, he put all his effort on try to help us
Agent: Hi Barbara How may I help you today?
Customer: I need to order a total of 12 cables. I was able to order 6 but now your systems says that there are only 2 more in stock. Can you get more?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  I've updated the inventory for you. Can you please try again? 
https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-oculink-to-oculink-cable-95cm-cbl-sast-0848.html
Customer: Perfect. I was able to update my cart. Thank you very much for your help!
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: No. Thanks again.
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Jian How can i help you today?
Customer: Hi I have a quick question about the PCIe slots of the Super X12DAI-N6. Does the number of lanes listed on the website reflect the actual number of PCIe lanes that can be electrically connected to the expansion card? Or, it only reflects the physical dimension of the connector and the actual number of lanes that can be electrically connected is less than the listed number.
Agent: Please give me a moment to check for this. 
Customer: I mean the PCIe slots listed in the red box. does it mean that the motherboard has one PCIe Gen 4.0 slot with 8 lanes which can be electrically connected to the expansion card, and five PCIe Gen 4.0 slots with 16 lanes which can be electrically connected to the expansion card?
Agent: The ones expansion slot physical slot.  that is correct. 
Customer: Sorry, just wanted to double check. By physical slot, you mean that the number of lanes that can be electrically connected is the same with the connector physical dimension, correct? I asked this question because we brought some computers from the Dell, which has some 16x PCIe connector but the undering electrical wiring only supports 8x or 4x PCIe connection.
Agent: i see, Please give me a moment to double check internally.  The diagram shows 16 lanes for the PCI-e 4.0 x16 and 8 lanes for the PCI-e 4.0 x8. https://www.supermicro.com/manuals/motherboard/X12/MNL-2239.pdf Page 16
Customer: Got it. Thank you.
Agent: You're welcome!
Customer: May I also ask you a question about selling option? Or, shall I start another liveChat with the sell representative?
Agent: Are you interest in buying the sytem SYS-740A-T?
Customer: Yes.
Agent: do you have an account with us?
Customer: Yes. The email address for the account is jian.zhong@berkeley.edu
Agent: We just enable your account. You can access our System tab now once you log out and log back in. https://store.supermicro.com/customer/account/login/
Customer: Ah, got it.
Agent: Once log out and log back in you should have access to https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-superworkstation-full-tower-sys-740a-t.html
Customer: I was wondering why I cannot find the configuration page. Now I can see it. Thank you!
Agent: You're welcome! Do you need assistance with the configuration?
Customer: I think I will take a look of the configuration by myself first. I will contact you if I need some further information! Thank you.
Agent: Of course. We'll be here if you have any question or assistance.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: hi kyle im trying to activate my IPMI using the product key i just bought from your website but it is giving me an error every time
Agent: Hi Hieu
Customer: i will send you a screenshot of what i am seeing one second
Agent: So you've already generated the key from the OOB license on the eStore I assume?
Customer: yes https://i.imgur.com/OTJjoKg.png it's telling me the product key format is wrong but i followed this video and did the exact same thing they did. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TxiZ2tyCTDA
Agent: That's for DCMS license Give me a moment
Customer: alright
Agent: Can you try following this? https://store.supermicro.com/software/software-license-key-activation-usage There's 4 different tabs on how you want to activate your key so choose whatever is comfortable for you
Customer: oh ok that worked
Agent: That's great
Customer: thanks but do i have to do anything now like power cycle or anything
Agent: I don't believe so. Does the status say activated now?
Customer: yes it says Number of product keys: 1 but i still am unable to access IPMI features over web
Agent: Oh I see, give me a moment 
Customer: yeah my original issue was i couldnt access IPMI web features so i tried activating my license key
Agent: Ah I see. With it being activated, you should have the features that OOB license provides. Please bear with me for a few more minutes while I check for you. 
Customer: sure and thanks
Agent: Are you on the Web GUI right now?
Customer: yeah ill send you what i am seeing so i can log in but once im logged in it will be stuck on the loading screen like this https://i.imgur.com/Ehkrzp5.png
Agent: Under maintenance, go to BMC Reset, and then click on unit reset to reset the IPMI Ohh you're actual application/web page locks up?
Customer: yeah also i can not launch KVM console with IPMI View either which why i thought it was an authentication issue but now i have authenticated and it is still not working
Agent: It's not a license issue, more like a IPMI web issue. May have to do a BMC reset via command line using SUM or SSM
Customer: hmm ok
Agent: Let me see if I can find the command
Customer: i've already flashed my IPMI as well
Agent: To the latest version?
Customer: yeah
Agent: 0.13.20? I would reach out to our technical support team on this IPMI issue for further assistance. The OOB seems to be activated, but the actual IPMI doesn't seem to be working properly for you
Customer: hmm ok
Agent: You can reach them by emailing support@supermicro.com or calling (408) 503-8000 
Customer: can i talk to them in live chat like we are now?
Agent: They don't have live chat unfortunately
Customer: alright gotcha thanks for your help with the product key
Agent: You're welcome! Hopefully they can resolve the IPMI issue
Customer: Hieu Huynh left the following comment: helpful
Agent: Hi Chengbiao How may I help you?
Customer: Hi, we have a server purchases on 02/20 had a DIMM not working, whose part number is 36ASF8G72PZ-2G9B1 and I'm trying to find a replacement BTW, is the warrant for DIMM 1 year or 2/3?
Agent: May I know your server serial number? I can check the warranty for you
Customer: Product SerialNum: S262465X0225956D
Agent: Thank you! Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: Product PartNum: SYS-2029BT-HTR Thanks.
Agent: I'm sorry I cannot find your warranty on my end. You would have to check with your sale rep for the warranty. I'm sorry for this inconvenience. Your memory part number is MEM-DR464L-CL01-ER29 https://store.supermicro.com/64gb-ddr4-2933-mem-dr464l-cl01-er29.html
Customer: Thanks. However it's OOS
Agent: How many of this are you looking for?
Customer: So far only 1 broken
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for the inventory. 
Customer: sure, please take your time.
Agent: Hi Chengbiao
Customer: Hi, sorry was losing connection
Agent: No worries. The inventory for 1 memory is updated.  You can add 1 to your cart
Customer: Sounds great! Myself do not do the purchase, I'll ask my colleague to do it.
Agent: Sure. Please feel free to do it 😄
 Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: that's all I had. Thank you very much for the help!
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Chris
Customer: Hello.  I have a question about the RAID configuration on my new Supermicro server.
Agent: Would this be for the server SYS-620C-TN12R?
Customer: Yes
Agent: How can i help with this?
Customer: The server has a number of different drives to be configured with different RAID types.  I'm trying to setup vmware vsphere and it is seeing the bare drives, not logical drives from each RAID array. I'm new to the Intel VROC, so I'm not sure what tools I should use to verify the RAID configuration of all the attached disks.
Agent: I see, Please give me a moment to look into this. 
Customer: OK
Agent: I am going to have to check internally for this. Is okay if i can email chris@mcneel.com when i get the correct information?
Customer: Yes.
Agent: Thank you. I'll email you soon as i get any information.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: No.  If I want to talk with someone about this, is there a good phone number to call?
Agent: You can contact our Tech support support@supermicro.com
or You can call 408-503-8000

Customer: OK, thanks.
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: I'm making a purchase for the University of Colorado using a University purchase card. This should be a tax exempt purchase.  I have read your Tax Exemption information page.  I have the Universities tax exempt certificate but there is no location to put in information about individual vendors (like supermicro) or the individual purchases that are made from such vendors.  How do I proceed?
Agent: Hi Matthew We do accept tax-exempt, but it would be applied after the purchase not during the time of purchase.

In order to apply for tax exemption, you would need to provide valid certificate, which you can send to eStore-support@supermicro.com along with your order number.

Your tax-exempt request will be processed after we have verified that the certificate is valid. 
It usually takes up to 10 business days for the tax amount to return back to your original form of payment.
  Before submitting a request, please review the tax exempt guide carefully.  Incomplete or incorrect submissions will be rejected.
https://store.supermicro.com/tax-exemption-guide
 
Customer: Yes, I've read the tax exempt guide. I have a valid certificate for the University of Colorado and a valid purchase card that I am using for the purchase.  Your guide indicates that I need to include the vendor (supermicro), the list of purchases items, and a reason for tax exemption.  There is no space for this information on the certificate.
Agent: Oh I see. Give me a moment Please bear with me for a few more minutes while I check for you.  Thanks for waiting. If your certificate doesn't have space for a vendor, it should be ok but I had to double check. 

As long as the billing information on the order matches what is on the certificate that you send to estore-support@supermicro.com, it should be fine.  You don't need to fill that part out
Customer: OK.  This is also a problem. The University of Colorado is a huge institution with many different "billing addresses" depending on the department or institution within the University. The tax exempt certificate is for the whole institution. Thus, the address on the cert is not the billing address.
Agent: That should be fine. Sorry to clarify, its the name on the certificate that just needs to match what's entered in the company field on the order
Customer: OK.  I'll submit the cert and hope that it works. (It's a huge pain in the neck to deal with if taxes are paid on University purchases!).  Thanks
Agent: Yeah I bet, but I think your certificate should be good. As long as it matches like this here:  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: I don't think so.  Thanks
Agent: If you have any further questions, feel free to come to chat or email us.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi June
Customer: Hi Liz
Agent: How may I help you today?
Customer: I'm trying to purchase this.https://store.supermicro.com/64gb-ddr4-2933-mem-dr464l-cl01-er29.html Can you please check the availability for me?
Agent: It is stock. You should be able to add 1 to your cart It's in stock*
Customer: Yes. I'm trying to place the order now,
Agent: Are you able to add 1 to your cart?
Customer: Yes. I am creating an account to pay for it.
Agent: Sound good! Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: no for now. Thanks!
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: You too!
Agent: Thank you! Hi Qingyuan
Customer: Hi, I'd like to have two https://store.supermicro.com/32gb-ddr4-2933-mem-dr432l-hl01-eu29.html is it available?
Agent: Please give me a moment to check Please bear with me for a few more minutes , I am checking internally. 
Customer: Thank you. take your time!
Agent: I see we have in enough stock for your order, we need to updated on our end. Can you please try again https://store.supermicro.com/32gb-ddr4-2933-mem-dr432l-hl01-eu29.html Please let me know if it works. 
Customer: looks good so far. I'm making the payment.
Agent: Awesome! Glad it worked.  Can I help you with anything else?  I see the order went through!
Customer: Yes. Thank you so much!
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have wonderful day. Goodbye!
Customer: bye.
Agent: Hi Charles How may I help you?
Customer: Hello, we are looking at 6 x of the SuperServer 530MT-H8TNR Before we go head first into them, we are looking to see if there are any small servers we could try that would represent the performance of a single lade. SYS-510T-ML looks like a decent match but we would need to fit a 70 Watt Nvidia GPU
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry SYS-530MT-H8TNR on our eStore. We do carry 1U and 2U server. Are you interested in? oh. I see Please give me a moment while I check for you.  May I confirm that you are looking for the 1 CPU server?
Customer: Yes, we would like to match the CPU, RAM, SSD and GPU fo the blade So we can qualify performance before we go in 300k
Agent: Oh, we don't carry any blade, unfortunately. We only carry single node system We do have 1 CPU with 1U and 2U server which is in Mainstream and WIO categories
Customer: Yes
Agent: Hi Matthia  How may I help you today?
Customer: Hello, I want to order a larger quantity of this Fan: https://store.supermicro.com/40mm-fan-0061l4.html
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: is it possible to reorder them ?
Agent: Unfortunately, we currently out of stock for this fan, and we don't have the reorder option at the moment. Do you want me to check for the ETA of this fan? May I also ask where do you plan to ship this fan to?
Customer: germany
Agent: We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  Oh sorry
Customer: sorry was checking another tab^^
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, our Supermicro eStore currently only ships within the United States. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy 
Customer: ah okay nevermind then :)
Agent: I'm sorry for this inconvenience
Customer: thanks for the help :) no worries
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: no thanks thats it :) have a nice day
Agent: Thank you! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: bye hi
Agent: Hi Abdullah How can i help you today?
Customer: I'd like some help with compatibility, please I am interested in a dual socket AMD Epyc 7742 I have shortlisted the SuperMicro H12DSi-NT6 motherboard I need to find a compatible cabinet for it
Agent: i see. So you are trying to find compatible chassis?
Customer: Yes
Agent: Please give me a moment to find you one.
Customer: Thank you, Mark
Agent: In the motherboard specs page you'll see Chassis ( Optimized for H12DSi-NT6) https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/motherboard/H12DSi-NT6 
2U: SCLA25TQC-R609LP ,SCLA26AC12-R920LP1
3U: SC835TQC-R1K03B
Customer: Yes, I saw that, but when i click on them, atleast the first one under motherboard, the H12DSi-NT6 isnt listed https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/chassis/2U/LA25/SCLA25TQC-R609LP Also, prices aren't listed?
Agent: Since we don't sale barebones on our eStrore, we don't have a price. 
Customer: Any reliable seller in the US?
Agent: Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.
https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy

Customer: Thanks for that, will check it out as for the compatibility, if it's listed on the motherboard page, it will be compatible no matter what?
Agent: Please give me second to double check. 
Customer: ok Also could you tell me the difference between 2U and 3U? Is it just the extra space? Just trying to find the best solution for my needs Of course I need more research but your help would go a long way
Agent: For the motherboard  H12DSi-NT6 the reason it's not listed in chassis spec is because it hasn't been updated.  But the chassis is listed on the motherboard specs, it's compatible with it. 
Customer: Great, good to know
Agent: You are correct the #U relates to the bigger chassis. 
Customer: Cool Thanks for your help, Mark
Agent: Of course! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Thats all for today, thanks again
Agent: you're welcome! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: you too, be well What do I do if I want to order from Germany? The checkout form doesn't allow to pick any other country than the US.
Agent: Hi Kai We only sell and ship within the United States unfortunately.  If you need a purchase an item, please check with our resellers/distributors: https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy
Customer: Checked this list already. Couldn't find any online stores that distribute software licenses for Supermicro boards. I need a license to activate the Redfish module on my board. And all the online stores on that list only sell hardware.
Agent: I see. You can try reaching Sales there at Sales_Europe@supermicro.com
Customer: OK. Thanks. I'll give it a try.
Agent: You're welcome Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Nope. :-)
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Bye.
Agent: Hi Susumu
Customer: Hi Liz!!! Wow
Agent: 😄 How may I help you?
Customer: https://www.newegg.com/p/N82E16859152108?Item=N82E16859152108 I saw this in Newegg. Can you sell this computer with a modification of memory and HDD?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: Upgrade is 64GB DDR4 (16GBx4) to 128GB DDR4 3200MHz ECC RDIMM Server Memory (64GBx2) and Storage is to 2TB NVMe x2 and 8TB HDD
Agent: For the server in newegg, we cannot change exactly like it since the chassis is the go with intel motherboard Also it's a configuration for newegg and this uses RTX4000 and not RTXA4000 I mean the chassis in the Newegg is from this server https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/system/4U/5049/SYS-5049A-T.cfm which go with Intel motherboard
Customer: So how can they put AMD chip?
Agent: That Newegg configuration is special 
Customer: Okay
Agent: For AMD motherboard server, we only have AS -5014A-TT  available on our eStore which is popular one and we currently have 2 left in stock Do you still interested in the AS -5014A-TT ?
Customer: So maybe, I can order the computer without a graphic card. Then, install RTXA4000 later works?
Agent: Yes, i should be work since it is validated with the AS -5014A-TT 
Customer: Then, I will go for it. Thank you.
Agent: You're welcome.  Let me double check if there is any additional part requirement when you add the GPU in the system
Customer: Nvidia RTX A4000 8 GB
Agent: Hi Hugh How can i help you today? I see you are interest in a server. Do you have an account with us?
Customer: Hello.  I am a small business owner currently using a server I built with supermicro board I am interested in either a pre-built or possibly a board.  OS is Windows Server 2022 and will also run SQL Server
Agent: I see. Please give me second to look.  I am checking internally for OS  windows 2022 and SQL. On our eStore we carry motherboards by itself and We don't have pre-built. The great thing about out eStore you get to configurate  system to your liking with the validated componets.  we don't carry motherboard* You get choose the configuration of the system and we build it for you. 
Customer: OK.  So you have to buy a complete system?
Agent: Yes.  Is there any system that you are looking into?
Customer: SYS-740A-T Probably only need 1 cpu
Agent: For SYS-740A-T you need 2 CPU. 
Customer: Anything similar
Agent: Please me give me second to check. If you are looking into single cpu workstation we have SYS-530AD-I https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-upworkstation-mid-tower-sys-530ad-i.html. and SYS-5039C-T https://store.supermicro.com/sys-5039c-t.html.  But i would have to check internally if they can run OS windows 2022.  Is it okay i can email you back at hugh@kmcnetwork.com? I am going to check internally to get the correct information. We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. I'll email you with updated information about these servers. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello Kyle
Agent: Hi Paul
Customer: qq here. SUM license and DCMS license are different? Try to run some redfish API command but some of them are working but some others are not. It says DCMS license is required.
Agent: SUM is more the software and DCMS is the license that allows you to run functions that you normally would not get without it https://www.supermicro.com/en/solutions/management-software/supermicro-update-manager This functions that have the 1 next to them require DCMS license
Customer: working good : https://10.64.1.88/redfish/v1/Systems/1 Not working: https://10.64.1.88/redfish/v1/Systems/1/Bios
Agent: I can't view those unfortunately
Customer: this is what you said, right? "This functions that have the 1 next to them require DCMS license" means whatever URI after '1' requires DCMS license to get? right?
Agent: Ohh in that link I provided, not the 1 in your URL, sorry Get crash dump1
Customer: Can you please explain a bit more on "This functions that have the 1 next to them require DCMS license"?  I don't get it quitely. However I think SUM can get BIOS configuration without DCMS license.
Agent: That should be correct unless they've changed that. Was it working before?
Customer: no, new thing.. we are trying to use redfish API and encountered some issues. When we run "curl --silent --insecure https://10.64.1.88/redfish/v1/Systems/1/Bios --user xxxxx:xxxxx " we got "Message": "Not licensed to perform this request. The following licenses DCMS  were needed",
Agent: I would recommend checking with our technical support team for assistance on Redfish software. They can be reached at support@supermicro.com or by calling (408) 503-8000 before purchasing a DCMS license 
Customer: ok. got it. Thanks ;-)
Agent: DOn't want you spending when its not needed possibly You're welcome
Customer: 👍
Agent: Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: no. that's it.. Thanks Kyle!!
Agent: Np! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi James. 
Customer: Hello, just wondering when order 1000024546 will ship?
Agent: Please give me second to check.  It takes couple days to assemble it should ship mid to later this week. 
Customer: great thank you
Agent: you're welcome! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: no thank you
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi martin
Customer: Hi Mark.
Agent: How can i help you today?
Customer: According to this document: https://www.supermicro.com/manuals/superserver/2U/MNL-1948.pdf, I can purchase an add-on key to enable the VROC functionality. The document gives part number AOC-VROCSTNMOD as one of the three available keys to enable VROC. When I look for this part I get this link: https://store.supermicro.com/catalog/product/view/id/2799/s/aoc-vrocintmod This seems to be for the Intel VROC key, and not the `"standard" key.
Agent: I see please give me a moment to check.  The product on this link is software  not the actual VROC https://store.supermicro.com/catalog/product/view/id/2799/s/aoc-vrocintmod We don't carry AOC on our eStore.  Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.
https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy
 Sale team at Sales-USA@supermicro.com 
Tel: +1 408-503-8000

Customer: Cool. Thanks Mark.
Agent: You're welcome Martin.  Can I help you with anything else?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Patrik.  How can i help you today?
Customer: Hi Mark, I'm looking at CBL-SAST-0953 to connect 2x u.2 samsung pm9a3 with my board MBD-H12SSL-i is that the correct cable for the purpose?
Agent: Please give me second to check. 
Customer: Kyle  transferred the chat to Kyle 
Agent: Hi Patrik, I will be assisting you on this now. Give me a moment while I check
Customer: Hi Kyle, thanks for checking
Agent: Will this be in a Supermicro case or chassis?
Customer: no it will be in a regular desktop case
Agent: Oh ok, checking 
Customer: My understanding is that the slimline 8x port on the board is to either connect 8x SATA or 2x pcie4 NVME but it appears to be extremely difficult to find the cables for the NVME option
Agent: That is correct, just making sure this model has the slim sas x8 connector which it does That would be the cable to use. The other slimline cables would not work
Customer: ok, perfect. do you sell to Europe or do you have a specific reseller in europe?
Agent: The eStore does not sell outside of the US so you'll have to check with our resellers in your area: https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy
Customer: ok, thanks for confirming the compatibility of the cable much appreciated have a good day!
Agent: Thank you and you're welcome! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Patrik left the following comment: very helpful Good afternoon
Agent: Hi Yisroel
Customer: Do you have an image for Supermicro SNK-P0048AP4 Passive Heat Sink.
Agent: We should have it available: https://store.supermicro.com/2u-active-cpu-cooler-snk-p0048ap4.html
Customer: Thank you. I'm a bit confused, however, i asked for passive and the image says active?
Agent: SNK-P0048AP4 is an active heatsink. Any heatsink that ends with the AP usually is active Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Thank you.
Agent: You're welcome Is there anything else I may help you with today?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com 
Customer: yisroel kertzner left the following comment: very helpful and knowledgeable.
Agent: Hi Michael
Customer: looking for some quantity other than 1 for SuperMicro cable CBL-SAST-0953
Agent: May I know how many of CBL-SAST-0953 are you looking for?
Customer: 5
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: Can I change that quantity to 6pcs
Agent: Sure, the stock for this cable is running low. But I will try request 6 of CBL-SAST-0953 for you. Can I email you back via mreynolds@microway.com?  I will email you back as soon as the transfer process is done
Customer: yes, Thank you
Agent: Thank you for your confirming. You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Michael Reynolds left the following comment: Liz was very helpful
Agent: Hi Yvonne How can i help you today?
Customer: Hi Mark, I was wondering if you could send me a copy of the packing list for an order I placed. The order # is 1000022263
Agent: please give me second.
Customer: Thanks!
Agent: Can you verify the billing address that was used for this order?
Customer: 201 INDUSTRIAL RD, SUITE 310
SAN CARLOS, California, 94070-2396
United States
Agent: Okay Thank you.  Can verify with me what you mean by packing list?
Customer: I'm looking for the document that comes with the package when it was shipped to us because it was missing.
Agent: I see. Please give me second to check internally for this. 
Customer: Thank you
Agent: If you are looking for the invoice papers you can log into the account that used to purchase this order follow these steps: My account -> my order -> print order
Customer: Not the invoice, but the document to show what is in the package.
Agent: We don't have access to this information. I am going to have check internally. Can i email you at yvonney@nautilus.bio once i get an update?
Customer: Yes please.  I was told to contact sales, but there was no response. Thanks for your help!  When do you think I can expect to hear back?
Agent: Of course, you'll received an update by today.  Hi Robert How may I help you?
Customer: Hi Liz. I'm trying to order two cables from the store, however for billing information it seems to only allow US addresses. My billing information is for Canada. Is there a way for me to order from your store?
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, our Supermicro eStore currently only ships within the United States. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy  I'm sorry for this inconvenience
Customer: I do have a US address to ship to
Agent: Yes, we also require the US-based credit card also
Customer: Okay. I'll reach out to the other resellers
Agent: Sound good! Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: Nope that's it.
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Have a great day
Agent: Hi Hal How can i help you today?
Customer: order 1000024566 will it be shipped today I paid for overnight and my order was placed before 3pm your time.
Agent: The order has processed and it should ship out today. 
Customer: ok thanks
Agent: You'll be receiving a track number later on today.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Ok hadn't received confirmation email so wanted to make sure.  I appreciate your help. Goodbye
Agent: Of course, you can click on "View order Status"  on the email we sent saying Thank you for your purchase and it gives you what status it's in. But you'll received the tracking number once its shipped.  It was pleasure speaking with you today.  Goodbye!😊 Hi Jessie, how can I help you?
Customer: Do you still manuf/sell the following mounting rails? P# MCP-290-00102-0N and p# MCP-290-00120-0N
Agent: We do just not individually as in they are usually in a rail kit.  So the equivalent of those 2, would be MCP-290-00062-0N: https://store.supermicro.com/1u-rail-kit-mcp-290-00062-0n.html Basically, 1 set MCP-290-00120-0N + 1 set MCP-290-00112-0N + 1 set MCP-290-00102-0N = 1pc MCP-290-00062-0N (complete rail set without thumb screw from front inner tail) + 2pcs MCP-290-00064-0N (Thumb screw adapter) if you need the individual rails, you may need to contact our RMA team at rma@supermicro.com  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: no, thank you!
Agent: You're welcome It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Chaochao How can i help you today? 
Customer: Hi Mark, I would like to purchase a server like this one https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/system/GPU/4U/SYS-420GP-TNAR with A100 8-GPU 40 or 80GB
Agent: Unfortunately we don't carry this system on our eStore.   I can help you find a similiar one that is available to purchase through our eStore.  Is that something you are interest in? I checked and we don't carry any server with these specs. You can contact our Sale team they can help out with purchasing SYS-420GP-TNAR. Sales-USA@supermicro.com 
Tel: +1 408-503-8000
 
Customer: In that case, can you find a similiar one? I am also interested in that.
Agent: We don't carry any servers that can handle 8 GPU's.  Sales department can help you in placing the order for SYS-420GP-TNAR
Customer: Okay Thanks for letting me know. Hello, I was wondering if I could change the payment method for order #1000024568?
Agent: Hello Alexander, let me check for you so instead of ACH, it would be credit card?
Customer: Yes.
Agent: Ok understood. Please give me a moment.  Ok we should be able to cancel your original order. Please place a new one with the credit card. 
Customer: Thanks.
Agent: You're welcome Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: No, that is all.
Agent: Ok sounds good. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Yonathan How may I help you today?
Customer: can you check for product availability, please? PWS-503R-1R
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  Unfortunately, we currently out of stock for this power supply, and we don't know the ETA of it due to the shortage. You will have to check with our resellers or distributor for this power supply.
https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy
Customer: PS2 500W Redundant Single Module Power Supply is this an active product?
Agent: Yes, it is still active on my end
Customer: I see refurbished out there thank you
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: that's all
Agent: Hi Max
Customer: Hi Liz, I'm trying to purchase Supermicro Out of Band (OOB) Software License Key (SFT-OOB-LIC) but my system is not in the list X9DRW-CTF31
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  Unfortunately, I don't see the X9DRW-CF31 can support OOB license. Do you plan to update the BIOS remotely?
Customer: yes IPMI interface asks for a key
Agent: I see. I would recommend you to check with our Technical Support to check for solution. Support@Supermicro.com 
Tel: +1 408-503-8000   Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: ok, I will give them a call. Thank you
Agent: Sound good! You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Gary
Customer: Hi Liz,
Agent: How may I help you today?
Customer: I need 5x qty of Supermicro fan PN FAN-0181L4 can you confirm the availability
Agent: Sure, let me check for you. 
Customer: thanks
Agent: May I know where do you plan to ship these fan to?
Customer: Sacramento CA
Agent: Thank you so much! I can transfer more inventory for this fan. Can I email you back via golsen@convexns.com when the stock is ready?
Customer: Sure, the email is correct
Agent: Thank you for confirming. I will email you as soon as the fan is back in stock. Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: so it mean you don't have these in stock ? :-(
Agent: It is not available now. But I already made the transfer and it would take some hours to complete. Do you want me to email you back?
Customer: yes please I'm waiting for your email many thanks
Agent: You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: No, thanks Any suppliers in Canada?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  Yes, we have alot of supplier in Canada. You can check at this link https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: I'm good thanks!🙂
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: hello
Agent: Hi Ben How may I help you today?
Customer: Hi, I work at Rakuten USA, and looking to get some servers for a new lab. I was wondering if there was a point of contact between Supermicro and Rakuten
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: sure, thank you so much
Agent: We will have someone reach out to help you. Is the benyavut.jirasut@rakuten.com best email to reach you?
Customer: Yes, it is.
Agent: Thank you for confirming. We will reach out to you via email for this Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: would you be able to check stock availability and price on a specific server?
Agent: Unfortunately, I won't be able to do that. The price also would be different with your configuration. May I know what is your requirement configuration? 
Customer: looking for a server 2U4N, single CPU specifically with Ice Lake 6338N 32 core 2.2 GHz
Agent: Thank you for your confirming. We will have someone contact you to discuss for further information. 
Customer: ok no problem. thanks or the help today
Agent: If you doesn't heard back within 24hrs you can feel free to reach back out to us You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Manuel
Customer: Hi Liz
Agent: How may I help you?
Customer: Quick question We have SYS-1029P-WTRT with only one CPU What do we need to get to add a second cpu?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  The power supply go with your server is PWS-706P-1R
Customer: I mean CPU, not PSU
Agent: Oh I'm sorry for my mistake I'm not sure which CPU currently you have, but it should be need the same one 2nd Gen Intel® Xeon® Scalable Processors and Intel® Xeon® Scalable Processors
Dual Socket LGA-3647 (Socket P) supported, CPU TDP supports Up to 205W TDP, Dual UPI up to 10.4 GT/s
Customer: I mean heatsink Or any other component
Agent: Oh. I see. I would recommend contact with our technical support to check with them in detail.
Support@Supermicro.com 
Tel: +1 408-503-8000  

Customer: tks
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hello. How may I help you? Hi Ben. 
Customer: Hello
Agent: How can I help you? Hi Todd How can i help you todya? today*
Customer: Hi Mark.  Trying to find heatsinks that are compatible with the MBD-H12SSL-I board.  Using an EPYC 7302 chip
Agent: Is possible to get the chassis sku or s/n?
Customer: In a 2U case.  Case is the 825MBTQC-R802LPB
Agent: Thank you! Please give me second to look for one.  We have SNK-P0063P https://store.supermicro.com/2u-passive-amd-epyc-snk-p0063p.html
Customer: Thank you.  I thought that was the one, but when I he the check validity, it said not validated.  But that could mean they just haven' tested it yet.  Thank you again.  Have a nice day
Agent: You're welcome. I had to do little digging to make sure its the correct one.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: I bet.  Just a note, the heatsink matrix needs updated for the newer boards.  Doesn't have H12 in the drop down options.
Agent: I'll definitely note that down and pass it down internally! 
Customer: Have a nice day! Hi. I'd like to purchase PWS-1K23A-1R
Agent: Hi Hung-Chang Let me check ffor you
Customer: Could you please advise inventory info or ETA of restock thanks!
Agent: How many were you looking for?
Customer: 38 or more
Agent: Ok I'll have to double check internally, but I believe we cannot support that quantity currently. I will have to email you back with an update on how many we can allocate. 
Customer: OK. Thank you and please let me know the time frame of next restock.
Agent: You're welcome and for sure! Seems to be a popular item Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: I am good just checking on this PN#
Agent: Sounds good, I'll be in touch soon. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Thanks. Good bye
Agent: Hi John How may I help you?
Customer: add on card Fujitsu 9211-8i what are p[rices for this Cable (CBL-0176L-02) in the different lengths
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: thanks liz I will be using it for the above Super micro board and the the above mentioned controller. But I imagine it will be fine across a number of mb and controllers.
Agent: For the compatible between the motherboard and AOC, we cannot guarantee since the motherboard hasn't been tested with this AOC. For the price for different length with same cable above, we have the CBL-0097L-02
https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-internal-minisas-to-4-sata-50-50-50-50cm-with-sideband-50cm-cable-cbl-0097l-02.html?queryID=4f4c207473d5aa067ae4ab7cbecb5e56&objectID=539&indexName=supermicro_default_products
 CBL-0237L -https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-internal-minisas-to-4-sata-70-70-70-70cm-with-sideband-70cm-cable-cbl-0237l.html?queryID=4f4c207473d5aa067ae4ab7cbecb5e56&objectID=537&indexName=supermicro_default_products CBL-0343L-01 - https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-internal-minisas-to-4-sata-76-66-54-45cm-with-sideband-66cm-cable-cbl-0343l-01.html?queryID=4f4c207473d5aa067ae4ab7cbecb5e56&objectID=572&indexName=supermicro_default_products CBL-0476L - https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-internal-minisas-to-4-sata-30-35-45-55cm-with-sideband-55cm-cable-cbl-0476l.html?queryID=4f4c207473d5aa067ae4ab7cbecb5e56&objectID=2254&indexName=supermicro_default_products The connector of your AOC is miniSAS, May I know what is you backplane part number? I can double check the this is the right type cable for you
Customer: its going into a Fractal Design Define 7 XL so no backplane. Using this for an UnRaid server.
Agent: I see Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: ok, I see the links you sent. Great. Thanks. Happy World back up day\!!!
Agent: Thank you! Same to you. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Denise How can i help you today?
Customer: Please quote price & delivery for a qty of 48 - PN M393A2K40CB2-CVF
Agent: Please give me second to check. 
Customer: Thanks!
Agent: For qty of 48, each memory would be $109 each. 
Customer: I need the lead-time too please!
Agent: Please bear with me while i check internally. 
Customer: thanks!
Agent: Is it okay if i can email you back at dsuhr@geospace.com with an update?. We are checking internally for the lead time. 
Customer: yes please do!!!  Thanks!
Agent: you're welcome!! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Yes, we are also needing a quote on 6pcs of Motherboard MBD-X11DPi-NT
Agent: Unfortunately we don't carry motherboard on our eStore. You can contact our Sale team at Sales-USA@supermicro.com 
Tel: +1 408-503-8000
 
Customer: ok
Agent: I just received update for the memories.  Unfortunately, the memory MEM-DR416LA-ER29 is EOL.  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: I am wondering if you are able to get any stock of PWS-860P-1R2
Agent: Hi Laurie, let me check on availability How many were you looking for?
Customer: Up to 12
Agent: Ok I believe we can probably only get 5 pcs but I'd have to double check. Otherwise, you'll have to check with out resellers for this one. 
Customer: 5 works if you can get them
Agent: Ok I'll check internally and have to get back with you via email . 
Customer: That works! Thank you!
Agent: You're welcome Actually, just got an update We are out of stock with no ETA on this particular one unfortunately
Customer: Ok thank you
Agent: You're welcome Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: No we are good for now!
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Nathan
Customer: Hello, I thought my order came with a DVD drive. thanks. 1000024488
Agent: The DVD is the optional, unfortunately
Customer: I picked that option actually
Agent: Oh I'm sorry, Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: Please, check..1000024488
Agent: I will need to check internally for this issue. Can I get back to you via chukueke@gmail.com?
Customer: yes, thanks
Agent: I'm sorry for this inconvenience. I will email you back as soon as I can Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: No, I have few technical questions that I will ask tech support directly is need be. thanks
Agent: Sound good. #bue It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Bart!
Customer: looking for 01-SC81360-XX00c102
Agent: How can i help you today? 
Customer: see above
Agent: Please give me second to check.  I see you are looking into buying rail set. We don't sell rails by themselves we sell by kits. I can help you find the right kit, I'll need your system or chassis sku. 
Customer: this is for my client.. i cannot change the part number
Agent: I see. Let check internally if i can find the product with this part number.
Customer: thx
Agent: Unfortunately, I can't find any product with this part number. I help you find the compatible rail kit but i would need chassis sku or S/N. If you want the product SC81360-XX00c102 please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.
https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy

Customer: yea, i got some guys.. thanks for your help
Agent: You're welcome! Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: I am looking for the rubber screw/rivet to mount this fan Supermicro 40mm Axial Fan (FAN-0065L4)
Agent: Hi Fan We don't sell any rubber screw or rivets unfortunately. Please check with our RMA team for this at rma@supermicro.com 
Customer: Thank you
Agent: You're welcome Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: No, that 's all, thank you
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Charles
Customer: Hi Liz
Agent: How may I help you today?
Customer: this model has two m.2 slots is it pci4
Agent: Is the AS-1114S-WN10RT what you are mention for?
Customer: can the two m.2 slot can be raid 1 yes
Agent: Yes, it is PCI-e 4.0
Customer: ok what about the raid for m.2
Agent: it should be  with the RAID card
Customer: i need a firm yes or no please can you ask someone
Agent: I would recommend you check with our technical support on this at Support@Supermicro.com 
Tel: +1 408-503-8000  
Customer: no one answer
Agent: did you call the number with option 2?
Customer: y
Agent: I see. I'm sorry for this inconvenience. I can check with them for you
Customer: i am calling right it hangup
Agent: May I know which M.2 Drive you are using for?
Customer: first i get a voicemail to hold on then it hang-up the call i'll try again right now
Agent: I see. It would be all of our technical supports are busy
Customer: press 1 i press 1
Agent: press 2  I believed
Customer: press 2
Agent: Yes Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: help
Agent: I'm sorry. Is there no one answer your phone? We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Shawn How can i help you today? 
Customer: I would like to build a 2 socket system around the 523L-505B chassis , using the X12DPL-i6 MB, but it doesn't look like I can buy the MB though the store. It doesn't show up in the search I haven't searched for the chassis yet
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry any motherboards or chassis by themselves on our eStore. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy 
Customer: okay, that seems kind of pointless but okay
Agent: I am sorry for the inconvenience.  We don't carry barebones. 
Customer: I know it isn't on you, but that is kind of the point of hosting your own store Thanks for your help
Agent: We do carry systems that you can configurate on our eStore. Have you had the chance to see what we have available on our eStore? https://store.supermicro.com/system.html Hello Jason, how can I help you?
Customer: I need a cooler for a supermicro MB MBD-X12DPL-NT6 for an intel LGA 4189
Agent: Sure, let me check for you Will this be in a Supermicro chassis or case?
Customer: No they were out of stock but it is in a 4U chassis.
Agent: Ok understood
Customer: Rosewill rsv-L400u L4000U
Agent: The compatible cooler heatsink for this motherboard in any chassis form factor is SNK-P0078AP4: https://store.supermicro.com/2u-active-cpu-cooler-snk-p0078ap4.html Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Nope. You are amazing! Thanks!
Agent: You're welcome! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: You too BYE! Jason viator left the following comment: Quick, helpful! have any promo code today?
Agent: Hi Guicho We don't offer any promo codes currently unfortunately
Customer: what is the difference between 1 and 2 rank ram
Agent: Hi Ivan A single-rank DIMM has one set of memory chips that is accessed while writing to or reading from the memory. A dual-rank DIMM is similar to having two single-rank DIMMs on the same module, with only one rank accessible at a time.
Customer: Thank you. For best performance should I use 1 or 2 rank ram i plan to get 8 32GB modules DR432MD-ER32 vs DR432LC-ER32
Agent: Generally single rank memory is faster than dual rank memory, but it would depend on the applications being used I'm assuming for motherboard X12SPO-NTF
Customer: correct i know this is not tech support question, but do you know who would sell your memory in Canada?
Agent: You can reference this and filter for Canada

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy 
Customer: Thank you very much Kyle
Agent: You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: that was it thank you again
Agent: Hi Alfredo How may I help you?
Customer: Hello Liz, Do you sale the screwdrivers with torque adjustment i need one to assemble a heatsink
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry that product on our eStore. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy 
Customer: instruction manual indicates that i should adjust torque to 12lbf-in there are no re-sellers in Mexico, i got 2 of your motherboards through new-egg, but they don't have the tools
Agent: I believed you can use your own tool to do that We don't sell tools for assemble unfortunately
Customer: Thank you Liz have a good one
Agent: You're welcome.  Thank you. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Agent: Hi Brandon
Customer: Hi, how are you today?
Agent: I'm good. How are you? How may I help you today?
Customer: I am good, I am looking for a certain cable that I cant find anywhere CBL-CDAT-0601 I was wondering if I was just not good at looking or if there is an alternative I can use
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry that CBL-CDAT-0601 on our eStore. Please give me a moment while I check for if there is alternative.  The CBL-CDAT-0601 is 4 Pin to 4 Pin I2C cable, 50cm, 26AWG
We have the CBL-CDAT-0674 which is 4 Pin to 4 Pin I2C Cable, 30cm, 26AWG It is shorter than the cable you are looking for  https://store.supermicro.com/4-pin-to-4-pin-i2c-power-cable-cbl-cdat-0674.html?queryID=969fcbafbe6d5b4445ef82c121cc953c&objectID=2757&indexName=supermicro_default_products
Customer: yeah I saw that exact part number and wondered if it was compatible.  I will give it a shot and see what happens
Agent: Sound good!
Customer: thank you for your help
Agent: You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: nope, I am good
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Irving
Customer: Hi Liz
Agent: How may I help you today?
Customer: I was looking for a mechanical spec for the MCP-260-00011-0N part but I did't find anything is this something possible to be shared?
Agent: Unfortunately, I'm not allow to share this information. You can contact our Sale team for this Sales-USA@supermicro.com  
Customer: Ok Thanks!
Agent: You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: no that's it thanks!
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: you too good bye!
Agent: Thank you! Hi Dmitrii
Customer: Hi Mark, I'm looking into ordering 4 of these guys https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-threadripper-performance-workstation-as-5014a-tt.html
and when I add those to cart - it says that there is only 1 system available. Could you please confirm?
Agent: Unfortunately that is true, we only have one available 
Customer: :( Are there other cases that can fit the same components?
Agent: Would you like to know the ETA
Customer: Yeah I'd love to
Agent: Can i email you back at dmitrii.galantsev@amd.com with the update for the ETA?
Customer: yeah sounds good this case has an E-ATX motherboard and a pretty large PSU. I'm trying to find a workstation (not a server) that can be shipped relatively soon.
Agent: AS -5014A-TT is currently  the AMD work station server we have.  Can i get your configuration? So i can see if there is anything similar. 
Customer: yeah, let me send over a quote.
Agent: Thank you. I'll get back to VIA email as soon as possible. 
Customer: No problem
Agent: thank you! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: That's it! Have a good one mate
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hi, I have a quick question about the compatibility of the SYS-740A-T computer with the Nvidia and AMD cards.
Agent: Hi Jian I've only seen compatibility or validation with Nvidia cards
Customer: Is SYS-740A-T compatible with quadro rtx 4000 and AMD Radeon Pro WX 2100? I mean Nvidia quadro rtx 4000
Agent: It seems to be qualified for the rtx 5000, not 4000 it is qualified for rtx A4000, A5000, A6000 https://www.supermicro.com/en/support/resources/gpu if you search for SYS-740A-T, you can see which GPUs are qualified
Customer: Got it.
Agent: Yup! 
Customer: Just wanted to double check, does the qualified result means that the GPU has been tested on the computer?
Agent: Correct, it's been tested and proven to work with this workstation
Customer: If the box is not checked, does it mean that the GPU has been tested and cannot work with the workstation?
Agent: Correct for the most part. I would stick with what's been qualified because even if you use a non-qualified GPU that could work, we cannot guarantee 100% it will work properly. 
Customer: Got it. Do you also have the data for AMD GPUs?
Agent: We don't unfortunately
Customer: Got it. Thanks!
Agent: You're welcome Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Just another question. What do the V100, V100S, M10, T4(70W) on the top row in the table within the website you sent just now?
Agent: They are just a different type of GPU
Customer: On my end it looks like nothing is checked for SYS-740A-T
Agent: Yeah its not validated your workstation
Customer: where did you find the information for rtx5000, rtx A4000 and rtxA5000 ?
Agent: you have to go to the 2nd tab PCI-e Active-cooling
Customer: Ah, got it. Just an extra question, what does GPGPU mean? Sorry about asking such kind of native questions.
Agent: A GPGPU are used for addressing scientific computing needs rather than rendering images like you would think GPUs are used for Are you planning to purchase a SYS-740A-T from the eStore?
Customer: Yes. That is what I am trying to do.
Agent: Ok sounds good
Customer: I found in the Add on Cards configuration tab there are only two NIVIDA GPU avaiable. The physical size of those two GPU are too large for our application
Agent: Meaning too powerful? or physicall? physically
Customer: We need to add a lot of PCIe cards into the computer so we want a GPU only occupies one PCIe slot.
Agent: Ok understood. Let me check what other options for GPU are available. 
Customer: We are trying to build a data acquisition system based on that computers. Sounds good.
Agent: Oh I see. Please give me a moment while I check It looks like the only ones available currently are the RTX 5000, 8000, and A4000-6000 unfortunately.  which are all double PCIe slot
Customer: Got it. Thanks.
Agent: You're welcome. If you're ok with the A5000 or A6000, you can add them to your configuration. The only other available GPU options are the 5000 and 8000  If you don't need the GPU, you don't have to add one. 
Customer: Do you sell RTXA4000 in the estore?
Agent: Let me check for that one
Customer: RTXA4000 looks like a single slot one according to Nvidia website. https://www.nvidia.com/en-us/design-visualization/rtx-a4000/
Agent: It looks to be out of stock with no ETA unfortunately so all we have available is the RTX A5000 and A6000 currently. 
Customer: Got it. Thank you!
Agent: Np!  Hi Mike
Customer: PWS-802A-1R
Agent: How may I help you?
Customer: Do you have abve available?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: Ok waiting
Agent: We currently have this in stock https://store.supermicro.com/800-1u-pws-802a-1r.html How many do you want?
Customer: 1 for now How much is it? Condition? ETA?
Agent: $253.92 each and brand new
Customer: Please let me know
Agent: https://store.supermicro.com/800-1u-pws-802a-1r.html  You can add 1 to your cart. It's available now
Customer: Thanks for the help
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else?  Hi Brennen How can i help you today? 
Customer: I'm just looking for SYS-5029C-T on the eshop and I can't seem to find it. do you currently sell the system?
Agent: Unfortunately, we don't carry this system on our eStore. 
Customer: is it like a too new sort of thing or its just not sold on the estore?
Agent: Just something we don't sell. 
Customer: alright thank you
Agent: Is there any system on our eStore that you are interested?
Customer: is there anything similar? it could be in a full tower.
Agent: Please give me second to check.  We have SYS-5039C-T https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-superworkstation-mid-tower-sys-5039c-t.html?utm=smcpp
Customer: Alright, thank you I will check it out
Agent: Of course, if you need any help with configuration feel free to let us know.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: No, that was it thank you
Agent: you're welcome! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Is this memory compatible with  a Dell Poweredge T150
Agent: Hi Reiner Which memory?
Customer: MEM-DR432L-HL01-EU29
Agent: We don't validate with non-SMC servers or workstations, but let me check on paper
Customer: Thank you
Agent: As long as its UDIMM, it should work. The only thing I'm not sure about is if it supports ECC memory. You'll have to check with Dell on that. 
Customer: It does support ECC
Agent: Oh ok sounds good then
Customer: Thank you for your help
Agent: You're welcome Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: No that's it
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: you too
Agent: Hi Wenrui
Customer: hello I placed an order on Monday, but got an issue with the payment
Agent: May I know what is your order number?
Customer: 1000024549 I chose ACH, but never get any small amounts in my bank account to verify
Agent: Did you click the link in the email which we sent you after you purchased the order?
Customer: I got an email
Agent: oh I'm sorry you didn't see the deposit yet I will need to check with internal for this issue. May I email you back via roger@gnor.net when I got the answer?
Customer: sure. thanks
Agent: You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: I'm good
Agent: I will email you back as soon as I can. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: thanks bye
Agent: Hi Alexander How may I help you?
Customer: Hello, I was wondering if it would be possible to change order #1000024577 from ACH to credit card (as the processing is taking a while)
Agent: I'm sorry, we cannot modify your order. I would suggest cancel the order and place the new order again
Customer: Sounds good to me, however I do not see an option to cancel the order.
Agent: I see. we can help you cancel the order. May I confirm your billing address please?
Customer: 625 N Euclid Ave, Apt 203, St. Louis, Missouri 63108
Agent: Thank you for your confirming. I will request the cancel for you.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: There is nothing else, thank you
Agent: FYI, we only have 1 AS- 5014A-TT left. Please place the order again at your earliest convenience. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello, are you still there?
Agent: Yes
Customer: Would it be possible to not cancel this order it seems you do not have the processor in stock to reorder?
Agent: I already request the cancel. It would take an hour to process. Please give me a moment while I check the inventory for you.  Please bear with me for a few more minutes while I check for you. 
Customer: Sure.
Agent: Can you please try again? I already fixed the inventory for you
Customer: Yes, I am placing the order now, thanks!
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Deepak How may I help you today?
Customer: Hello Liz we have this supermicro server rack which is not turning on. The supplies are connected. However when we press the reset button the server is not turning on The LED in the backside of the server show orange which indicated the supply is on May i know what is the issue
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: Ok sure
Agent: I'm sorry, in this case I would recommend you check with our technical support in detail to clarify what is happening. Support@Supermicro.com  Tel: +1 408-503-8000   Is there anything else I may help you with today?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Daniel
Customer: hi liz!
Agent: How may I help you?
Customer: I work for a managed service provider and have a few servers here that we dont know what the processor is, would you be able to help me find that information?
Agent: Do you happen to have the serial number of your server?
Customer: i think they are older but let me see yes i have the number here WM20AS003103
Agent: Great! Thank you! Please give me a moment while I check for you.  I'm sorry, it doesn't allow me to check the CPU from the motherboard serial number
Customer: would the chassi number make a difference?  I see a sticker on here that says serial number
Agent: I can try 
Customer: 1116180 not sure if that will help or is correct
Agent: I don't think it is the serial number since it doesn't show any information on my end. You can check the serial number guide here https://www.supermicro.com/en/support/rma/sn
Customer: let me check if its on the rear io
Agent: Thank you
Customer: would c813mlj37p40696 work?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  I'm sorry, this is the serial number of the chassis only. It doesn't show any information of the CPU for me 😞

Customer: rats! all good! ill either get to dissassembly/hooking it up and see what comes of it
Agent: I would recommend you to check with your sale rep
Customer: thank you for your time!
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: you as well!
Agent: Thank you! Hi Barbara
Customer: Hi.   We need to place an order for Super Micro X10SDV-TLN4F.  Can you provide price and lead time
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry any motherboard on our eStore. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.
https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy 
Customer: hello
Agent: Hi Michael How can i help you today? 
Customer: How do I get the product trial key? I would like to update system bios via IPMI but it is required the product key.
Agent: I see did you purchase OOB or DCMS?
Customer: I think we don't have How do I get just a trial key?
Agent: Please give me a moment to check. 
Customer: ok I need to reset system bios, but I followed your manual, but it does not work.
Agent: In order to update the BIOS via IPMI you would have to purchase OOB. 
Customer: I got an artile. You can provide temporary key. I just use one time. I don't need oob
Agent: Unfortunately we don't access to provide temporary key.  Please contact our Sale team at Sales-USA@supermicro.com to see if they can help
Tel: +1 408-503-8000
 They can help with temporary key. 
Customer: I have a question. How to clear CMOS password for X9DRI-LN4F I followed your instruction as I posted the screen shot. but it does not work Then, do you have any idea to remove CMOS password. ?
Agent: Please bear with me while i check internally for this motherboard. 
Customer: Thanks My screen shot is very clear how to clear CMOS. But it does not work
Agent: When you removed battery, how long did you remove it for?
Customer: 30 seconds How long is your recomendation?
Agent: 30 seconds maybe be to short. Try for at least 2 minutes. 
Customer: Really?
Agent: We had someone with similar problem and tech recommended for that time
Customer: I would like to make sure how to clear cmos step 1. unplug powrcord and then remove cmos battery step 2. After 2 min,  Plug Powrcord and short JBT1 without CMOS battery. Step3. Press Power Button Step4. Power Off and then put the battery back to seat. is that correct?
Agent: Yes that is correct. If you continue to have problems please contact Tech Support: Support@Supermicro.com
Tel: +1-408-503-8000. they can duplicate your problem to help find the solution. 

Customer: Ok. Thank you so much. I will try it again.
Agent: You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: That's it. thank you so much. Have a great day
Agent: Thank you! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Michael Song left the following comment: The support was very professional. I am looking at a model SYS-7049A-T server.  Do these come with an OS, or is that something I have to add later, like Windows server?
Agent: Hi Terry We should be able to include install an OS like Windows if it's not an available option on our eStore Yeah it doesn't show for that one, but which version of Windows were you looking to add? There's Windows 10 and 2019 available for this
Customer: We would be looking at Windows Server 2019 or 2022.
Agent: 2019 has 3 versions ahh  2022 may not be qualified on this system, so I'll have to double check internally if you want that 
Customer: That's not a big deal.  I just wasn't sure if the system came with its own operating system.
Agent: Oh ok understood. We should be able to do a pre-configured workstation for you to include Windows 2019 since 2022 is not available  There's datacenter, essential, or standard version
Customer: The essential is what we were looking at.
Agent: Ok sounds good, we can put something together for you if you can provide all the specs for CPU, memory, storage for me Ok got it thanks I can put this together with the OS and provide you a pre-configured link 
Customer: That is what I had currently configured.  We would purchase in the next couple of weeks and I was going to call when ordering to make sure I had the configuration correct.
Agent: Oh ok, no worries. When you're ready, I can provide it in the next couple of weeks
Customer: We currently have a couple WD PR4100's, so this is a big jump from those, and I have not ordered an actual server like this before, so there may be better selections for us.
Agent: That's understandable
Customer: We are trying to budget the upgrade.  The model with the options I have selected is roughly $4520, do you know what the additional cost would be to add and install the Windows Server 2019 essentials?
Agent: Let me check It looks to be an extra $363 
Customer: Ok, cool.  That gives me a rough number to provide to my boss.
Agent: Sounds good. I can touch base with you next week with the pre-configured link with all the components included with pricing if that works for you. 
Customer: That would be great.  terry@tomahawkengineering.com   Thank you!
Agent: Great, will send you an update next week then. Can I help you with anything else?  Were the 4 drives in a raid configuration?
Customer: Yes Raid 5.
Agent: Ok just wanted to make sure. It didn't show up on the screenshot you provided Ok I have everything  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: That was it.  Thanks again.
Agent: You're welcome! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Dmitrii
Customer: Hi Liz, we've submitted an order for 4 of these: https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-threadripper-performance-workstation-as-5014a-tt.html

but as I understand you guys only have 1 in stock?

Do you ship partial orders? sorry I can't get an order number on short notice, it's through some internal AMD system.
Agent: You can place 1 system at the time since we don't do back order
Customer: Ah I see, thank you! that's it, i'll work it out internally :)
Thanks again
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Tony How can i help you today?  Are you looking into a 2TB NVME?
Customer: 2TB NVME M.2 Gen4 SSD: 2 low cost option yes, can you suggest 2 with low cost
Agent: Can i get the system you want to use this for?
Customer: no current system, it will be for spare part
Agent: Please give me second to check.  Unfortunately we dont carry any SDD on our eStore. I am sorry for the inconvenience  Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.
https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy Is there anything else I may help you with today?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: hi what number can i dial?
Agent: Hello Herbey We don't have a phone number for the eStore, just live chat and email support. 
Customer: X10SDV-8C-TLN4F+ do you sell this item?
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry any motherboards on our eStore. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy  Or you can contact Sales-USA@supermicro.com  Can I help you with anything else?  Hi Ben How may I help you?
Customer: Hello, we have a Supermicro quad host with a failing disk.  ST600MM0026 would you be able to suggest an 'in-life' alternative?
Agent: May I know your motherboard/server part number, please?
Customer: X10DRT-P
Agent: Thank you! Please give me a moment while I check for you.  Is that you want the Seagate 2.5" 600GB SAS 6Gb/s 10K RPM 64M alternative drive?
Customer: yes or a larger capacity should be OK also
Agent: I only can find the compatible SATA drive from our end since there is no SAS drive has been tested with this motherboard I cannot recommend the invalidated drive since I cannot guarantee it will be work for you you. Do you interested in SATA drive?
Customer: OK yes I'll have alook
Agent: Thank you. Please give me a moment while I check for you.  Supermicro (Seagate) 1TB 2.5" 7200RPM SATA3 6Gb/s 128M Internal Hard Drive (HDD-2T01T-1NECR) 
https://store.supermicro.com/1tb-hdd-2t1000-st1000nx0423.html?utm=testedhddbutton Supermicro (Seagate) 2TB 2.5" 7200RPM SATA3 6Gb/s 128M Internal Hard Drive (HDD-2T02T-1NECR)
https://store.supermicro.com/2tb-hdd-2t2000-st2000nx0403.html?utm=testedhddbutton You can also check other 2.5" drives that is compatible with your motherboard here: https://www.supermicro.com/en/support/resources/hdd/display?ctrl=74&Category=MB&sz=2.5&id=0ce5ee65616277a926f11e9007cefaf4&NVMe=0
Customer: thank you, well check those out
Agent: You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  Hi Kyle
Customer: Hello Mark
Agent: How can i help you today? 
Customer: I was wondering how long it will take to ship if we bought the AS -5014A-TT build with a AMD Ryzen Threadripper Pro 64-Core cpu. Just ensuring the cpu is not back ordered
Agent: Please give me a moment to check. 
Customer: Okay, thank you :)
Agent: System should ship either next Monday/Tuesday  Can i ask for how many systems you are thinking of purchasing?
Customer: Oh nice. also it seems the ram, 64GB DDR4 3200MHz is limited to only 4 atm. Is it possible that you have 8 in stock to total 8 TB. Just 1 512 Gb opps
Agent: Please give me second to check stock for that memory. We have updated the memory, there should be enough for 8. 
Customer: Okay cool. Thank you for your help.
Agent: I do want to mention we only have one left of this system. 
Customer: Okay, I will keep that in mind. :) Thank you
Agent: Of course. You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Nope, that is all. Thank you. Have a good day.
Agent: Thank you! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: i need to determien what the tax and shipping will be for the following product when i click to add the item to the cart to get to the check out page, the site directs me to speak with a store rep
Agent: Hello Tyler
Customer: Supermicro 2U Ultra SuperServer (SYS-6029U-TR4)
Agent: Ok let me double check And when you add to cart, I assume you're logged in?
Customer: i am not logged in
Agent: Please log into your account and try again
Customer: okay i may need to create an account sothis may take a minute
Agent: Ok I believe you might have an account with this email address already
Customer: okay im logged in i need to reconfigure the order now
Agent: Ok I'll be here if you still have trouble just in case
Customer: this is the error i get just need to get to the check out so i can snap shot the total price that inclues taxes and shipping
Agent: Oh ok, give me a moment, we should be able to update those  Please bear with me for a few more minutes while I check for you. 
Customer: no worries. thanks
Agent: Thanks for waiting. Can you try adding to cart again?
Customer: its loading
Agent: Ok
Customer: all good now. thank you!
Agent: Were you able to get to the shipping/payment?
Customer: yes thank you!
Agent: oh great! you're welcome Can I help you with anything else?  Hi Jonathan How can i help you today?  Do you have any questions about SYS-240P-TNRT?
Customer: Good afternoon, I would like to know which network cards are compatible with the MP SuperServer SYS-240P-TNRT?
Agent: please give me second to check. 
Customer: I need to know if it has compativity with a 100GB one
Agent: Okay thank you. Looking into that right now.  For 100GB we have two that are validated. AOC-623106AN-CDAT,  AOC-S100G-b2C, 
Customer: Can I ask you other questions about this server?
Agent: If you to go the system product page, there is option for Tested AOC list. That's where i found the network  https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/system/mp/2u/sys-240p-tnrt Of course, what questions do you have?\
Customer: which disk controller should I use to have a full storage of this server and which hard disks are compatible with the server in size
Agent: Please give me second to check for this.  To find compatible drive you'll go on the system specs page https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/system/mp/2u/sys-240p-tnrt. There is option "Drive options" under Resources. When you click on that you can chose what type controller and it gives you all validated drives. 
Customer: yes correct, but it does not display anything
Agent: After clicking on the "Drive options" you should see this  click see the listing  You can choose which type of controller and it gives you drive list https://www.supermicro.com/en/support/resources/hdd/systemhdd?ProductID=87336&ctrl=74
Customer: sorry, now if you load one last question, this processor is compatible with this server : Intel® Xeon® Platinum 8380 Processor
60M Cache, 2.30 GHz
Agent: This server can do up 24x 2.5" hot-swap NVMe/SAS3/SATA3 drive bays.  Checking for the CPU compatibility.  The CPU you mentioned its a 3rd Gen Intel® Xeon® Scalable processors, This server is validated for 3rd Gen Intel® Xeon® Scalable processors.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: ok thank you very much for everything
Agent: Of course! you're welcome! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Jonathan left the following comment: The best! Hi, I have a quick question about the operating system. If I purchases a workstation with a HDD, a SATA SSD and a M.2 NVMe SSD, which disk will the operating system be installed? I mean I purchase Windows 10 professional from the eStore at the same time.
Agent: Hi Jian
Customer: Hi, I have a quick question about the operating system. If I purchases a workstation with a HDD, a SATA SSD and a M.2 NVMe SSD, which disk will the operating system be installed?
I mean I purchase Windows 10 professional from the eStore at the same time.
Agent: You would just let us know where you want the OS to be installed on typically its installed on the M.2 among these options
Customer: Oh, where can I leave a note on the when I place the order? I am going to purchase a SYS-740A-T I want to install the operating system in the SATA SSD.
Agent: There's no actual place to put a note in, but I'll note it down for you.  Ok got it
Customer: The M.2 SSD is plan to be used as the data acquisition storage so I don't want anything to be putted in the M.2 NVMe SSD.
Agent: No worries, understandable
Customer: By the way, is it possible to get in touch with you after I generate the quote? Because, the computer will be purchases through our university I kind of worry that the person who purchases the computer will not use my name. Maybe the quote number would be a more reliable way to track the order.
Agent: You can either go through live chat here or just email estore-support@supermicro.com When the order is placed, we can provide you the order# too
Customer: Got it. I also want to double check,  will the work station includes the accessories (e.g. power cables) used for the PCIe expansion card?
Agent: Let me double check  Ok everything should be there, but a fan would needed to be added for cooling purposes that you can purchase separately when the time is needed.  It would be 1 x FAN-0182L4
Customer: Just wanted to double check, the fans shown in this image will be included, right? These fans will also be included, right?
Agent: That is correct This would be an additional fan You can actually see it being added to the configuration when you add a GPU on the eStore
Customer: Sorry, I am a little confused. How will the additional fan be added to the computer? I will have to purchase a Nvidia rtxA4000 gpu externally so I think I might have to install the fan by myself.
Agent: Give me a moment while I check It looks like you'd have to swap the existing middle fan with the newer one to be able to support the GPU because of heat issues
Customer: Do you mean the three green hot-swap internal fans?
Agent: Yeah that is correct
Customer: Got it. One final thing. Do I need to purchase one additional fan for each GPU I installed in the system? Or no matter how many GPU I installed, I only need to purchase one additional fan?
Agent: That is a good question, it looks like our configurator only allows for 1 GPU so only 1 fan is needed. I would think another would be needed but I'll have to check internally with the team on that
Customer: That would be great! Thank you. By the way, could you email me result when they come back to you? I will have to attend a meeting now. My email address is jian.zhong@berkeley.edu.
Agent: Sure sounds good
Customer: Could you also help me ask which one of the green hot-swap internal fans shall I replace as well? Because there are three of them in the image, I wanted to make sure that I swap the correct one. Thank you.
Agent: I believe you would want the replacement fan in front of where the GPU would be installed at. For our configuration, the GPU slot was slot 5 so it would make sense to have the higher RPM fan directly in its path  I can double check since I'll be asking internally for the dual GPU set up I can email you once I get an update Can I help you with anything else?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Chris How may I help you?
Customer: Hello. I am trying to buy SFT-OOB-LIC for my blades (SBI-4129P-T3N) so I can do things like update their BIOS from the BMC GUI. However, that server P/N does not show up in the list of server P/Ns to choose when purchasing that license. Is there some other license that I should be using?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: sure
Agent: Can you try to type your motherboard at the select your motherboard area? MBD-B11DPT-P It should appear the selection for you 
Customer: Ya, uhh, that it what I tried before contacting you. I have purched this license for different hardware before, I know how the process works. It just doesn't have SBI-4129P-T3N in the list.
Agent: I understand that. Can you please try "MBD-B11DPT-P"? Sometime it cannot find your server but can find your motherboard You can check your motherboard part number here https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/superblade/module/SBI-4129P-T3N.cfm
Customer: I see, I misunderstood. Thought I had copy/pasted the MB part, but had the server part # instead.
Agent: Yes, just ignore the "Super" part Sorry for the confusion
Customer: Thanks, it's working fine. have a good day
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Thank you Hi Jonathan.  How can i help you today? 
Customer: Good afternoon mark, again a question, the server comes with all its internal connection cables ? and where could I contact you to make a purchase of this equipment ?
Agent: We don't carry this system on our eStore.  What cable are you looking for?

Customer: My question is if when I buy the server directly from you it comes with all the necessary cables ? sorry for my bad English it is not my native language
Agent: Yes it should come with all the cables. Unfortunately we don't carry this system on eStore so you wouldn't be able to purchase this from our store.  Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.
https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy
 You can try contacting our Sale team at Sales-USA@supermicro.com to see if they can help with server order
Tel: +1 408-503-8000

Customer: ok thank you.
Agent: You're welcome Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: no, thx mark
Agent: It was nice talking to you again Jonathan. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hi Liz
Agent: Hi Chad
Customer: im trying to understand which Drive Tray will allow me to use an SSD in the supermicro 815-7
Agent: May I know the full part number of your chassis?
Customer: how can i find that?
Agent: You can follow this link to find the serial number/part number of your chassis https://www.supermicro.com/en/support/rma/sn
Customer: okay one second
Agent: Sure, please take you time
Customer: C8150LD09MJ0377 CSE-815
Agent: Thank you! Please give me a moment while I check for you.  Your chassis part number is CSE-815TS-R700WBP. You can use the 2.5inch adaptor tray part number: MCP-220-00043-0N
https://store.supermicro.com/mcp-220-00043-0n-1482.html Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: chad canceled the chat rating chad left the following comment: Thank you! Hello, how could I switch my order from pending ACH payment to credit card?
Agent: Hi Wenrui
Customer: The order number is 1000024549
Agent: We would have to cancel the original order and then you would to place a new order with credit card. 
Customer: ok, please cancel it. thanks
Agent: Ok will do Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: I'm good.
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: you too bye hello, please don't cancel my order 1000024549 I just found the cpu in my order is not available if I make a new one
Agent: Hi Wenrui, give me a moment while I check Can you try adding the CPU to your order again?
Customer: https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-threadripper-performance-workstation-as-5014a-tt.html There is no choice for 32-core CPU.
Agent: Ok I believe we have to cancel the original order as well? We did update inventory but it may take 15-30 minutes to show up 
Customer: maybe I could wait on the ACH payment I'm waiting on the micro-deposit of the ACH payment you mean you have no inventory but the one I ordered?
Agent: Once we cancel the original order, the inventory should free up I mean.
Customer: ok. please go ahead cancelling then
Agent: Ok will do I'll email you once it has been
Customer: thanks
Agent: You're welcome Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: I'm good bye
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Chris How can i help you today? 
Customer: I recently received the two servers that I ordered from the estore.  Order #1000024037.  The Intel VROC RAID and the NVMe disks are not compatible with our operating system (vmware) and I need to return or exchange the VCROC key and NVMe drives for ones that will work with vmware.  I've been speaking with Andy in tech support and also have been contacted by the rma department.
Agent: Please give me second to look into this. 
Customer: OK
Agent: I just received an updated from internally. They are currently working on your return for NVMe and VROC, they'll try to get it done as soon as we can and email you at chris@mcneel.com with an update. 
Customer: Yes, but that was for a return of the VROC chip and the NVMe drives.  I would like help choosing replacement SATA or SAS disks and a RAID controller.  I didn't think that the RMA department would be able to help me with that decision. FYI, I have not filled out the RMA form that they asked me to, because I'm not clear what viable exchange options I have.
Agent: I see. Please bear with me while i look to find you replacement.  We are currently processing your return and unfortunately we won't be able to do any exchanges (for different product)
Customer: I haven't even filled out the RMA form yet. In any event, I still need help identifying a RAID adapter and new disks that are compatible with my operating system and your server.
Agent: We can help you find the compatible RAID adapter and new disks but you'll have to purchase it some where else. Is it okay if i email at chris@mcneel.com with the compatible parts. 
Customer: I can't purchase those items from the eStore?
Agent: Unfortunately we don't carry those items on their own on our eStore. 
Customer: Understood.  You can email me compatible parts.
Agent: I am sorry for the inconvenience.  I'll email with the compatible parts.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Can I speak with your PM?  Andy in tech support said I should ask to have him call me.
Agent: Is this to speak about compatible parts?
Customer: The whole mess.  Being sold two systems that aren't compatible with vmware.  Whether we should return just the NVMe disks or the whole servers, etc.
Agent: I see, apologize for all this. Please give me second to check internally. 
Customer: Thank you.
Agent: The best option is submit the RMA to return VROC & NVMe. I am looking to find you compatible RAID adapter and new disks. For P, I'll have to ask if it's possible to their information. I'll once i get any update and about the compatible parts.  For PM* I'll email once I get any updates and about the compatible parts.
Customer: OK.  To me, it doesn't make sense to complete an RMA if I haven't identified what the replacement components will be.  I'll take that up with the RMA department.
Agent: Okay. let me find the compatible parts and i'll email you. i want to make sure i get the correct parts. 
Customer: My understanding from talking with Andy in tech support is that the NVMe disks are not supported by vmware, so we're looking to replace the NVMe disks with SATA or SAS SSD's and good performing RAID card.  I especially need help with cable kits.
Agent: Are you looking for similar capacity size like the NVMe you ordered 2TB and 4TB?
Customer: Yes, perhaps 6TB if that's an option. would depend on price and availability.
Agent: Okay thank you. i'll look into the validated options and email you those.  
Customer: OK
Agent: Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: NO
Agent: I'll be in touch with you soon. Thank you for your patients! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello, would you please suggest if I can buy this server(s) in Canada?
Agent: Hi Andrew I'm sorry, but unfortunately, our Supermicro eStore currently only ships within the United States. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability since we don't carry this server as well. 

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy 
Customer: Ok, got it. Thank you :) Hello
Agent: Hi Stefan How may I help you?
Customer: I need 4x https://store.supermicro.com/32gb-ddr4-2933-mem-dr432l-hl01-eu29.html Shipping to germany
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, our Supermicro eStore currently only ships within the United States. Please check with our resellers and distributors in Germany for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy  Is there anything else I may help you with today?  Hi Daniel
Customer: Hello Liz
Agent: How may I help you?
Customer: Looking for a rail kit for some servers what is on the server product page won't work we have a 4 post rack that is 36" deep
Agent: Is that for this system SYS-1019D-14CN-FHN13TP?
Customer: yes do you have a part number that will work for that server?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  Please bear with me for a few more minutes while I check for you.  Can I email you back via daniel.ash@sscinc.com? I will need to check internal for looking to the compatible rail with can fit your post rack We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Jonathan
Customer: Good afternoon Liz, how are you?
Agent: I'm great. How about you? How may I help you?
Customer: Liz a question about this server 
MP SuperServer SYS-240P-TNRT I was looking for disk controller compatibility and saw several which tell me they are compatible with this server. I am fine, thank God
Agent: Yes, and your question is?
Customer: It tells me that this AOC-SAS3-9361-24l card is compatible but the server is only compatible with 2.5 hard disks and this controller shows me that it only supports 3.5 HDD disks.
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: ok I would like to know if this disk controller is compatible with 2.5" disks, if so, could you please provide me with a 2.5" model with a larger capacity so I can find out please.
Agent: Can I email you back via jonathanok09@gmail.com?
Customer: yes
Agent: Thank you! I will email you back as soon as I can for this Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: Liz one more question I have the intention to set up a server with you I would like to know if I could consult with you to see if all the devices to buy are compatible to set it up correctly. this with the intention of not buying something that I will not be able to use later on.
Agent: I see. Unfortunately, we do not sell this server on our eStore. You would have to purchase it from our resellers or distributors. For more technical question, I recommend you check with our technical support department Support@Supermicro.com 
Customer: yes right, that's why I want to buy the things that you have compatible with the server since you are the direct company and then look for the minimum that I can with your suppliers.
Agent: Understandable May I know what type of controller card are you looking for?
Customer: this AOC-S3916L-H16IR-32DD+
Agent: This is the list of all 2.5" drives that can run with this AOC https://www.supermicro.com/en/support/resources/hdd/systemhdd?ProductID=87336&ctrl=84
Customer: ok thanks liz, and those disks are compatible with the controller I just passed you?
Agent: yes
Customer: great thanks liz for your help
Agent: No problem! Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: I was just missing this thank you very much, well a question when I buy these controllers come with their cables for connections ?
Agent: I don't think so, you might need to purchase the cable separately. 
Customer: and which cable should I buy to connect AOC-S3916L-H16IR-32DD+ to the server?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  The cable should be MiniSAS to MiniSAS HD cable https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-minisas-to-minisas-hd-80cm-cable-cbl-sast-0507-02.html this type of cable to connect the controller card with your backplane
Customer: ok perfect 1 only would need ?
Agent: Please check the backplane manual here https://www.supermicro.com/manuals/other/BPN-NVMe3-216N-S4.pdf It will depend on how many drive you want to install
Customer: I will install the 24 hard disks I understand that the disk controller reads all 24 disks, I don't know if you can validate this information please.
Agent: oh Please give me a moment while I check for you.  Unfortunately, I don't have the cable for this controller and the backplane to connect all 24 drives.  I would recommend you check with our technical support for more detail Support@Supermicro.com  Tel: +1 408-503-8000   Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: Ok, thank you very much for everything, Liz.
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Jonathan left the following comment: The best!
Agent: Hi Jason
Customer: Hi I need some help possibly finding the right part, and not sure if the eStore sells it or not I have the SuperChassis 504-203B which has the motherboard - X11SBA-LN4F in it I am looking for the riser card for the pci slot to align with the chassis
Agent: I see. Please give me a moment while I check for you.  Please bear with me for a few more minutes while I check for you.  All I have for the PCI e slot is up to 1x Full-height, Half-length expansion slot(s). I would recommend you to check with our technical support at Support@Supermicro.com   Is there anything else I may help you with today?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Tracy  How can i help you today? 
Customer: I am looking for replacement HDD trays for this server. Do you offer them?
Agent: Please give me a second to check
Customer: thanks I have searched for a p/n with no luck
Agent: It would be MCP-220-00075-0B https://store.supermicro.com/mcp-220-00075-0b.html If you look at the chassis for this system https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/chassis/tower/721/SC721TQ-250B it's under componets. 
Customer: That is a different server, but they will work in the 5028D-TN4T
Agent: The page i sent you is chassis for the server SYS-5028D-TN4T https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/system/midtower/5028/SYS-5028D-TN4T.cfm
Customer: awesome. Thanks
Agent: of course! You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: good to go. thanks
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Eric How can i help you today? 
Customer: Hello - I need to find thi spart - Supermicro PDB-PT745-8824
Agent: Please give me second to look. 
Customer: ok
Agent: I am sorry we don't carry this power distributor on our eStore.  Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.
https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy

Customer: where can I find it ?
Agent: Can i ask for what system is this for?
Customer: cse-745
Agent: It seem like that is the only one validated for this chassis. Please try with our resellers. 
Customer: can you send me to someone
Agent: You can contact our Sale team at Sales-USA@supermicro.com to see if they can help
Tel: +1 408-503-8000

Customer: ok ty
Agent: Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: no gb
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: do you have that board in stock?
Agent: Hi Julio I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry any motherboards on our eStore. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy 
Customer: i've check with three diferent distributors. all tell me NO LEAD TIME
Agent: Must be really limited or there's a shortage then You can try contacting our Sales team at Sales-USA@supermicro.com  Can I help you with anything else?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Jill How can I help you today?
Customer: Hi, can you please forward the ROHS and REACH documentation for part number MCP-290-00060-0N (Square to round hole adapter for slide rails)
Agent: I will need to check with internal department for this. Can I get back to you via Jill.Barlow@collins.com as soon as I have these document?
Customer: Yes, that's fine.
Agent: Thank you. Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: No, that's all.
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Thank you for your help!
Agent: You're welcome.  Hi Gary! How can i help you today? 
Customer: we are interested with superserver SYS-740GP-TNRT
Agent: I see, it currently shows that its out of stock.  Do you have an account with us?
Customer: when will you think available? we usually buy through distributor asi
Agent: i see, if you make an account with us you'll be able to get access to our servers on out eStore.  https://store.supermicro.com/customer/account/create/
Customer: ok. i will take a look
Agent: Let me check the ETA for SYS-740GP-TNRT.  Once you make the account please let me know so we can enable your account. 
Customer: i create an account
Agent: Did you use gary@gnyi.com?
Customer: yes
Agent: Please give me a moment.  You can access our System tab now once you log out and log back in. https://store.supermicro.com/customer/account/login/
Customer: yes. i am in now
Agent: Awesome. those are the systems we currently have on our eStore.
Customer: ok. i will check. thanks
Agent: I am still waiting for update for the ETA of SYS-740GP-TNRT. But under Super workstation you'll find similar ones.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: that is all. thank you. have a good rest of day, bye
Agent: i'll email you at gary@gnyi.com with the update for ETA.  thank you! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: HI
Agent: Hi
Customer: Hi Kyle, What is the noise level of this SYS-740A-T model
Agent: This isn't something we have readily available unfortunately so I'll have to check internally with our PM and get back to you
Customer: OK. Another question: When will SYS-730A-I be available for order
Agent: No ETA when or if we'll get this unfortunately Sorry
Customer: Hence, you only have one model with dual 3rd gen Xeon  scalable processor?
Agent: Yeah we are a bit limited on what we can offer on the eStore. What is shown or displayed on the main site may not always be available on the eStore so if you were looking for that specific model, I would recommend contacting our Sales team at Sales-USA@supermicro.com
Customer: OK thank you. Bye
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hi
Agent: Hi Shijie
Customer: I want to buy a server for deep learning Can you give me some advice?
Agent: I see, please give me second to see what we have available for this. 
Customer: I have bought 2 rtx3080, so gpu is not required But this server should have at least 4 PCIE for gpu
Agent: Okay thank you . 
Customer: Also, I want the server to have 2 cpu amd will be better
Agent: We do have one AMD system AS -5014A-TT https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-threadripper-performance-workstation-as-5014a-tt.html but this is 1 cup. For all of our rack mount they are Intel.  CPU*
Customer: I think Intel cpu is ok Can you recommand me somoe more
Agent: please give me second  How about this SYS-620U-TNR https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-threadripper-performance-workstation-as-5014a-tt.html You can choose the configuration you would like. 
Customer: this one only has 1 cpu I think 2 cpu is required Can I customize one?
Agent: SYS-620U-TNR is Dual 3rd Gen Intel® Xeon® Scalable processors
Customer: I think Supermicro AMD Motherboard H12DSi-N6 can hold 2 amd cpu I link you sent me is for AS -5014A-TT Can you send me the link for SYS-620U-TNR
Agent: sorry https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-2u-ultra-superserver-sys-620u-tnr.html
Customer: Well, I prefer to use amd cpu intel cpu seems to be weaker
Agent: We don't have have any other AMD CPU systems.  if you are looking for AMD rack mounts you can contact our Sale team at Sales-USA@supermicro.com Tel: +1 408-503-8000

Customer: There is no server with Supermicro AMD Motherboard H12DSi-N6?
Agent: Not on eStore, Sales can help with that.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Hi
Agent: Hi Humberto How may I help you? 
Customer: Hi Liz i need a card controller model sas 9361-16i
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry any AOC/ controller cards on our eStore. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy 
Customer: ah ok
Agent: Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: for now i just need that card. thanks
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: I'm researching to see if it is possible for me to purchase the Supermicro Cable Part #  CBL-CDAT-0665
Agent: Hi Dale, 
Customer: Hello Mark
Agent: How can i help you today? 
Customer: I have a motherboard that has a serial port header that I'm trying to locate a cable for.  I have the Supermicro Part number for this from the datasheet, so I am looking to see if it's possible to purchase this part. it's CBL-CDAT-0665
Agent: Please give me a moment to check.
Customer: Thank You
Agent: I am sorry it looks like we don't carry this cable.  Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.
https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy

Customer: Ok, thanks for checking and thank you for the link.
Agent: You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Nope, that's it. I am looking for a small 1u server with dual psus
Agent: Hi Wyatt Sure I can help you with that what kind of CPU, memory, storage? Do you have an eStore account with us btw?
Customer: single cpu is fine, this is going to be for a small router. i do not have an account, i am still searching for products 16gb ram would be plenty, and storage is also small. 64 gb in raid 1 would be fine really dual PSU is the most important feature im looking for
Agent: Ok understood. Don't think we have anything lower than 240GB for storage these days though.  https://store.supermicro.com/customer/account/create/ Once you do, I can share with you the server that may work for you
Customer: confirming account, one second
Agent: Sure no worries
Customer: ok done
Agent: Thank you, please give me a moment Ok you should be able to view, configure, or purchase our servers on the eStore now when you log into your eStore account The server I have in mind that had dual PSUs is https://store.supermicro.com/mainstream-server-1u-sys-5019c-mr.html
Customer: where is the server configure tool?
Agent: Each server that we offer has their own configuration to choose from Are you able to see the options
Customer: yes, im looking at options now. Thank you, i think this has pointed me in the right direction
Agent: Ok great. That one is pretty simple compared to our other offerings in the WIO and Ultra families. 
Customer: yeah thats what im looking for, just a very basic unit that supports dual psus. thanks for the help!
Agent: You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: nope thats it
Agent: Btw, 

Here are several advantages if you were to purchase a configurable server from our Supermicro eStore:
1.	All of our configurations have been fully validated by our Supermicro system lab.
2.	We offer free shipping for all server orders. (limited time only)
3.	We offer blazing fast turnaround time 2-3 business days if you purchase something via our eStore configurator.
4.	Warranty is 3 years for server, 3 years for parts, and 1 year of cross—shipping. (limited time only)
5.	You can register your system on our eStore to view warranty information, installed parts, and validated parts for your system. Sounds good!
Customer: good to know!
Agent: If there's anything else we can help you with, feel free to reach out to us. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day and weekend, goodbye! 
Customer: have a good day / weekend too.
Agent: HI Yuzana How may I help you? 
Customer: Hi I'm looking for CSE-PTJBOD-CB3 Qty. 1 and CSE-515-350 Qty. 1.
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry any chassis on our eStore. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.
https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy 
Customer: Thank you. I will check.
Agent: You're welcome.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: No. Thank you.
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Robert How can i help you today? 
Customer: Attempting to Activate a single license key is failing - The exact command as shoen in the manual indicates that the caoomand parameters are invalid.
Agent: I see. please give me a moment to see about this.  Have you tried it this way ?
Customer: I already have the key, I have a .txt file. Trying to use SUM ActivateProductKey command is failing.
Agent: please bear with me while i  check internally.  Can you show me screenshot of the error you are getting? We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com 
Customer: hold on - trying to get the image to you...
Agent: Of course. I'll be here Thank you. 
Customer: Screen shot as well as the key text file
Agent: When you were doing this did you follow the exact command like these 
Customer: Are you saying that I should simply cut and paste the key from the text file as  in the first example?
Agent: Yes that is correct Please make sure you copy everything. 
Customer: give me a minute to try that.
Agent: Take your time. 
Customer: OK. That worked!  Key was activated and now I can use the utility. Thanks.
Agent: Awesome!!!! Glad that worked : :) Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: No, that was all i needed. Thanks again.
Agent: Have a great Friday and weekend! It was nice talking to you. goodbye! 
Customer: Robert Doolittle left the following comment: Great. Solved my issue, so no complaints. Hi, I am here again.
Agent: Hi again Yuzana
Customer: I checked the link that you gave it to me. Most of them have no stock. Can you check who has stock right now?
Agent: Unfortunately, I'm unable to check their stock. You also can contact our Sale department at Sales-USA@supermicro.com  to see if they can support.
Customer: Thank you for your information.
Agent: You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: That'd be it. Thank you so much. I will try.
Agent: Good luck Yuzana! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Christy How can i help you today? 
Customer: I registered for an account but the confirmation email did not arrive.  I requested it twice.
Agent: Can you please check your spam folder?
Customer: I did.  Not there.
Agent: We just sent another email, Can you check your inbox?
Customer: Nothing.
Agent: Please give me a moment checking internally for this. Was this the email used pbo@cnri.reston.va.us?
Customer: yes
Agent: okay thank you. Please bear with me for few minutes.  Can please try to log in now?
Customer: ok ok I am in the account!
Agent: Awesome! glad you got in.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: no, and thank you so much!
Agent: You're welcome! Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: No, that's it, thank you.
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Bye! Can you tell me lead time for p/n MCP-290-00058-0N
Agent: Hi Tara, let me check for you We should have it in stock right now. How many were you looking to purchase?
Customer: I need 6 When I try to add it to my cart it says there are 0 in stock This is the message I get: We currently have "0" of the "Supermicro 2U-5U Rail Kit (MCP-290-00058-0N) " in stock, but we may have enough inventory to complete your order. Please contact us via "email or live chat"
Agent: Oh I see Give me a moment while I check on this
Customer: Thank you
Agent: Thank you for waiting. Inventory should be updated now, please try adding 6 again. 
Customer: Yes, thank you!
Agent: You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Nope, that's it, thank you! Have a nice rest of your day :)
Agent: Thank you! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Tara Rickerson left the following comment: Very helpful!
Agent: Hi James, how can I help you?
Customer: hi, hoping to see if you guys have availability of a certain chassis 1019gp-tt
Agent: We don't carry this particular system on the eStore unfortunately. Were you only looking for this one?
Customer: we did have a back up that we were considering let me grab that number really quickly, one sec SYS-5019P-M
Agent: ok sure
Customer: it says in stock online but wanted to verify I think we'd be looking to order 8
Agent: We do have it in stock and should have 8 available
Customer: perfect thank you
Agent: You're welcome Let us know if you have any inventory issues with some of the parts. 
Customer: sounds good thank you
Agent: Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: I think that will do it have a great day
Agent: Thank you! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: looking for the USB 3.0 card that connects to the internal USB 3.0 header in the motherboard X10SLM-F looking for the USB 3.0 card that connects to the internal USB 3.0 header in the motherboard X10SLM-F
Agent: Hi Jose The only thing we have available is this: https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-usb-3-1-b-key-to-usb-3-0a-female-x2-55cm-cable-cbl-cusb-0835.html Can I help you with anything else?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com 
Customer: hello kyle
Agent: Hi Nikos
Customer: I am trying to generate my key for BIOS flashing, but the order is not confirmed yet order # is 1000024618
Agent: Ok let me check Yeah it doesn't look to be ready yet. I'd give it another 10 minutes.
Customer: ok thank you and have a great rest of your day
Agent: Thank you! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Benjamin
Customer: hello
Agent: How may I help you? 
Customer: Is the SYS-6029-WTR out of box compatible with SAS drives or is anything else required to make it work with SAS drives?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  With the SAS drive this system will need the controller card to use For onboard, it only work with SATA
Customer: Do you sell the card or do I go to a 3rd party
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry controller card on our eStore. 
Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.
https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy 
Customer: OK.  Thanks
Agent: You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: No that was it.
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hi Liz
Agent: Hi Nikos How may I help you? 
Customer: Was wondering on the status of the order confirmation need it to flash my bios order # is 1000024618 I thought it would take less than an hour?
Agent: It  will take an hour for the key ready for you, unfortunately
Customer: It has been longer than that that's why I am reaching out
Agent: Oh, your purchase from 11:36. I'm sorry for this inconvenience. I will need to double check with internal department for this. Can I get back to you via nikos.tzavaras@mssm.edu?
Customer: sure
Agent: Thank you and I'm sorry again if this cause any inconvenience for you. I will email you as soon as I have the answer Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: that's it and thank you!
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Jennifer. 
Customer: Do you offer IT as a service? Are you an MSP?
Agent: Can i ask what would this be for?
Customer: I have an appt w/ Supermicro and thought yuo were an MSP?  just want to make sure I have the right resources
Agent: Unfortunately we don't provide IT service.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: No thank you!
Agent: you're welcome 
Customer: Hi
Agent: Hi Hernan
Customer: We are a System Integrator Company, and are interested to sale your products We have offices in USA and Venezuela
Agent: So you're trying to become an official partner (reseller or distributor) for our products?
Customer: Would Like to know the process and requirements
Agent: Oh ok, please contact Marketing@Supermicro.com for further assistance on this.
Customer: Thanks
Agent: You're welcome Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Ok Do you have MCP-260-00151-ON?
Agent: Hi Stacie How may I help you?
Customer: Do you have MCP-260-00151-ON?
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry  MCP-260-00151-0N on our eStore. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy 
Customer: Thank you
Agent: If you are looking for the replacement, you also can contact our RMA department for it RMA department email address: rma@supermicro.com
RMA department phone #:  1-408-503-8000 option 3
  You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: That's all
Agent: Hi Benjamin How can i help you today? 
Customer: Hi Mark I am trying to purchase 4x SYS-5019P-WT but I see there is only 1 in stock. Are you able to check if there are more available?
Agent: I see, yes i can pleas give me a moment. 
Customer: Sure, thank you
Agent: We just updated the inventory. 
Customer: Perfect thanks so much. I just added them to my cart
Agent: awesome! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Nope thats all
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: You too prices?
Agent: Hi Stacey, how can I help you?
Customer: I am trying to find out prices and availability of some of the items on your site.
Agent: Sure I can help you with that. For what specific items are you referring to?
Customer: https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/system/4U/6049/SYS-6049GP-TRT.cfm and https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/system/GPU/1U/SYS-120GQ-TNRT
Agent: We don't carry those servers on the eStore so we don't have pricing for them unfortunately. 

If these are the servers you are looking for specifically, please contact our Sales team at Sales-USA@supermicro.com for further assistance. 
Customer: thank you
Agent: you're welcome Were there any servers on the eStore that would work for you?
Customer: I was asked to get info on those links specifically
Agent: Oh ok, no worries. These are multiple GPU systems so we don't carry these so please check with our Sales team then.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: no, that is it thanks
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: you too!
Agent: Hi Paul How may I help you? 
Customer: looking for server case CSE-731I-300B
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry any chassis on our eStore. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.
https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy 
or Sales team at Sales-USA@supermicro.com
Customer: thanks
Agent: You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today?  Hi Rodger How may I help you? 
Customer: Hi. I'd like to purchase a hot swap drive tray for a 1U server that's maybe 10 years old. The p/n of the tray is MCP-220-00001-03(01), I think. That's what I have in a document I download some time ago. That document is for 815TQ-560UV / 815TQ-560UB
Agent: I see. Which one is your chassis part number? 815TQ-560UV or 815TQ-560UB?
Customer: There's a label on the side of the chassis with P/N CSE-815 factory code ABC-03
Agent: Do you see other numbers than these 2 you provided? I would recommend you follow this instruction to check if there is serial number on it  or here
Customer: s/n is C81500B28MA0085
Agent: Thank you! Please give me a moment while I check for you.  And you are looking on the 3.5" tray right?
Customer: YES
Agent: Thank you! You can use the Supermicro Black (Gen 5.5) Hot-Swap 3.5" Hard Drive Tray with Hollowed Dummy (MCP-220-00075-0B)
https://store.supermicro.com/mcp-220-00075-0b.html?queryID=e130539953af3fd63e532c6e0c9ba937&objectID=631&indexName=supermicro_default_products Your chassis part number is CSE-815TQ-R700CB You can see the drive tray I provided above on this main page of the chassis. https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/chassis/1U/815/SC815TQ-R700CB at the parts list
Customer: Excellent. Thank you for the help!
Agent: You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: That's it. Thank you.
Agent: No problem. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Leo How can i help you today? 
Customer: Just curious on lead time for this product?
Agent: Please give me a moment to check.
Customer: ok thanks.
Agent: How many are you planning to buy?
Customer: 1 unit
Agent: We currently have one instock
Customer: ok, can it be configured with 128 GB of Ram?
Agent: let me check for that.  Yes its possible to do 128GB but we'll have to make pre-configuration link for you. Can i get your full configuration for this system?
Customer: Sure, I need the ram as stated.  I will need a 0.5 GB SSD for the Operating System. 4 TB storage Drive spinning. andf I will need windows 10 pro loaded.
Agent: I want to confirm are you lookin for single 128GB RAM or the total to be 128GB?
Customer: and the AMD Threadripper Pro 16 the total to be 128 GB preferrably in 4 dims of 32 each so that I can expand later
Agent: Oh i see. You can actually do this on the configuration page https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-threadripper-performance-workstation-as-5014a-tt.html. You can select the all the options you mentioned. 
Customer: Ok, then I can find out how soon it can be ready to ship?
Agent: If placed today, it should be ship earliest by Wednesday. 
Customer: That sounds good.  I will go to the link.
Agent: Of course! I do want to mention if you are looking to purchase this system to do it as soon as possible since we only have one available.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: I did not see the ability to choose an Operating system.  Is that offered?
Agent: It's between Add on cards & keyboard
Customer: ok thanks.
Agent: where you able to find it?
Customer: oh and is the main storage the one used for the OS or the internal storage?
Agent: Please give me a moment to check. 
Customer: Yes I was able to find it, thanks.
Agent: OS would be installed in the internal storage. 
Customer: Thought so, thanks.
Agent: You're welcome! Is there anything else I may help you with today?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: I am interested in buying a server: SYS-510D-8C-FN6P Where can I purchase that model?
Agent: Hi Amit We don't carry this particular server on the eStore unfortunately. Did you want access to our server selection to see if we have any that may work for you?
Customer: I need that specific model. What is the process for getting it?
Agent: Otherwise, if you are looking for this one specifically, please contact our Sales team at Sales-USA@supermicro.com
Customer: OK, I will contact sales. Thanks.
Agent: Sounds good, you're welcome!  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Thanks. That is all for now.
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi John
Customer: Hello Liz
Agent: How may I help you? 
Customer: I need to apply tax exemption to my account, as we are a public university in the state of Ohio. I have the certificate for proof of exemption.
Agent: We do accept tax-exempt, but it would be applied after the purchase not during the time of purchase.

In order to apply for tax exemption, you would need to provide valid certificate, which you can send to eStore-support@supermicro.com along with your order number.

Your tax-exempt request will be processed after we have verified that the certificate is valid. 
It usually takes up to 10 business days for the tax amount to return back to your original form of payment.
  Before submitting a request, please review the tax exempt guide carefully.  Incomplete or incorrect submissions will be rejected.
https://store.supermicro.com/tax-exemption-guide
  We currently cannot do tax exempt automatically
Customer: So there is no way to apply it to my account for future orders?
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we cannot do it at the moment. I'm sorry for this inconvenience We are working on this
Customer: That is unfortunate. Most other vendors have this capability. But I understand it is outside of your personal control.
Agent: Thank you for your understand 🙂 
Customer: That is all I needed. I will send the information to the email address after I place the order. Thank you for your help and the information.
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: You too. John Shrader left the following comment: Liz was helpful but your store should support applying tax exemption to an account and not after the order is placed.
Agent: Hi Amanda
Customer: Hi Mark
Agent: How can i help you today? 
Customer: I am looking for a sueprmicro storage server to be shipped asap. If I send you my specs, can you assist
Agent: Of course i can
Customer: this is what I need
Agent: Please give me a moment to look into this. 
Customer: thank you
Agent: On the configuration you gave it has the Superserver SSG-640SP-E1CR90. We don't carry this server on our eStore but let me see if we have something similar. 
Customer: ok basically I need this as fast as we can with similar specs
Agent: I am checking internally to find you one. 
Customer: thank you
Agent: The closet we have is SSG-6049P-E1CR60H https://store.supermicro.com/4u-superstorage-ssg-6049p-e1cr60h.html configurator 2
Customer: I am checking quick to see if this works
Agent: Of course please let me know if you have any questions. 
Customer: how fast can something like this ship
Agent: It should be ready to ship by the end of the week. 
Customer: is there any way to expedite this
Agent: Yes we can try to expedite it. and see if we can try to ship it out on Wednesday/Thursday if the order is placed now.  When you're configurating the server, if you run into any inventory issues let us know we can help with that.
Customer: ok my boss is taking a look
Agent: sounds great. Please feel free to ask us any questions or if you need any assistance.   Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: not so far. thank you!
Agent: You're welcome! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Abelino How can I help you?
Customer: Hello I was wondering if you can add more stock
Agent: Sure, for which part?
Customer: 350W Multi-output Power Supply (PWS-350-1H) I want to order qty3 if available
Agent: Ok let me check for you We might be able to get 3 of these, but I'll have to check with our PM as inventory is low unfortunately. I can email you once I get an update. 
Customer: Ok thanks. Abelinoa@yahoo.com
Agent: Ok got it, thank you! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: nope that’s it
Agent: Ok sounds good. I'll be in touch. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: likewise. Goodbye
Agent: Hi Mike How may I help you? 
Customer: I am curious about pricing for services on the ready to ship servers.
Agent: Do you interested in the SYS-5019P-WT?
Customer: Or the M variant. For hardware support in the case of issues
Agent: Do you mean the warranty?
Customer: Yes, sorry. Normally go with Dell but looking to branch out but they make it easy to find/add warranty info
Agent: If you purchasing server from our eStore, the warranty will cover for the 3 year labor, 3 year parts, 1 year cross shipment.
Customer: If I have a problem with a part, bad stick of memory, I ship it out and then you send one to me or you send one to me and I ship it out?
Agent: In that case, you can contact our RMA department to do cross shipping. I believed we will ship the good memory stick to you and you ship the bad one back to us you send one to me and I ship it out? - 1 year only
I ship it out and then you send one to me - 3 year only
Customer: Are there higher support tiers available that includes onsite support or longer duration
Agent: We do not have onsite support currently, but we will have extended warranty implemented on our website this week. Which would provide up to 5 years of advance shipment. For example, we send you memory before you ship it out back to us Note: the extended warranty will need to select when you purchase the server.
Customer: So new purchase has a 3 year warranty, 1- year advanced part shipment, and the last two where I send it before you send me replacement part correct? Longer/advanced warranty will need to add at time of purchase which isn't an option at this time but should be added this week?
Agent: Yes, you are correct.  All the systems on our eStore are available in stock now and ready to ship within 3-5 business days. Just let you know that:
• All of our configurations has been fully validated by our Supermicro system lab.
• We offer free shipping for all server orders. (limited time only)
• We offer blazing fast turnaround time 2-3 business days if you purchase something via our eStore configurator.
• Warranty is 3 years for server, 3 years for parts, and 1 year of cross—shipping currently. 
• We may have more storage capacity on our eStore. (Please contact me if you don’t see any capacity available)  Oh sorry I mean the system would ship out in 1-3 business days
Customer: That was another question, do you have TPM chips for the systems or do I need to hunt those down?
Agent: Yes, we have, but we will need to add it on our end and give you a unique link. If you are interested in, please let us know your require configuration I can help you with that
Customer: Last question, for the moment. We would want to pay by check, not a credit card. What is the process for getting that setup?
Agent: Unfortunately, we only accept credit cards or ACH bank transfer at the moment. Please note: ACH bank transfer will take longer since we will need to wait to verify the transaction It will take up to 7 business days before the order process if paying by ACH.
Customer: I think ACH would work, but will need to verify that. Part of a financing program and they dislike credit cards for the program. Understood about the delay.
Agent: Sound good! Do you have any spec/ SKUs in mind?
Customer: Looking at getting 2 SYS-5019P-WT's can you send me the information needed to get the ACH setup. And further documentation on the warranty coverage?
Agent: Do you want me to send these information to your email at michael_desilets@yoursws.com? 
Customer: please
Agent: Sure. I will send it to your email as soon as I have all information. Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: I think that is all. Thank you for your help!
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: michael desilets left the following comment: Very helpful and very concise. Thanks Hello
Agent: Hi Patrik
Customer: I've got a question about the board H12SSL-i do i need to connect both 8pin cpu power cords for an epyc cpu with 155w tdp? if not which one should be used?
Agent: Let me check Please bear with me for a few more minutes while I check for you. 
Customer: of course, thanks for checking
Agent: You're talking about the JPWR1 and JPWR2 connectors correct?
Customer: yes
Agent: Ok 
Customer: they come with a sticker that says "both 8pins required for heavy load configuration"
Agent: It does say in the manual: JPWR1 is an 8-pin ATX power input to provide core power to the processor. so it is core power to the CPU
Customer: yeah but one 8 pin is already like twice the tdp of the cpu
Agent: Does the power supply not have more than 1 8pin?
Customer: no. for these consumer PSU ones I would need to buy like a 1000 W version of it to get 2
Agent: Ah I see
Customer: and since it says "for heavy load".. it sounds optional
Agent: only 1 socket  I would think only 1 is needed
Customer: do you have any info if it matters which one
Agent: Ok I did find the reasoning 
Customer: just trying to make sure I'm not blowing something up
Agent: "We recommend you to use both of two 8-pin connectors. This will share the power load between them to prevent overhead."
Customer: right, so I should be fine with 1 then because I'm running a very low tdp cpu for the socket
Agent: Yeah it would seem so. So you're not even getting close to heavy load
Customer: based on the numbering I guess I should just use JPWR1
Agent: correct I would double check with our technical support team though support@supermicro.com 
Customer: ok, thank you very much for your help
Agent: all the FAQs say to use 2, but it does seem overkill you're welcome Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: no, that's all have a good day and thanks again
Agent: Thank you! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Patrik left the following comment: very helpful
Agent: Hi Bruno How can i help you today? 
Customer: Hello Liz! I work for a big university here in Brasil. We want to buy a server, but we only have budget in dollars. Do you ship to brasil?
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, our Supermicro eStore currently only ships within the United States. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy  You also can contact our Sale team at Sales-USA@supermicro.com
Customer: I will thanks
Agent: Sound good! You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: No, just this single question bye
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Leo How can i help you today? 
Customer: I have AS-5014A-TT in my shopping cart and I am ready to purchase quantitiy 1.   have afew questions.
Agent: Of course. What are your questions?
Customer: I have configured the system with the 32 core AMD processor and 128 GB of Ram on 8 dimms.  Is this able to be ready to ship soon? 128 GB total to be clear.
Agent: This would be ready to ship earliest by Thursday, 
Customer: That is good to hear.  I did not select on of the GPU offered, does the system come with a video card or do I need to add one.  I do not need the video card to be as powerful as those offered.  A 4GB cartd is sufficient for my needs.
Agent: Please give me a second to check. 
Customer: ok
Agent: Sorry, I am checking internally for this. 
Customer: k
Agent: I am asking internally for this, Is it okay if i can email you back at leojlove@hotmail.com once i get the correct information? Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: That is all for now.  Thanks.
Agent: You're welcome! Before i go i want ask where you interest in GPU or do you want to see if the system can run without GPU for the applications you want to use? What would these applications be?
Customer: This is for computer simulation,but I only use the AMD CPU processor for solving, but I do need to connect a monitor, possibly. 
 two.  I believe that I need a Graphics card, as I believe the AMD does not include a graphics card, but I only need and have been using on my present system a 2GB card, so a 4 GB should work fine for me.  The graphics that I use in my drafting is not intense.
Agent: I see, Okay I'll  pass this down internally so we can get you the correct information. Ill email you once i get correct information.
Customer: Kyle  transferred the chat to Kyle 
Agent: Hi Leo, I'll be working with you on this
Customer: I will need to be able to add this to the system when ordered or can somesone adjust the order after it is place to add the GPU card?
Agent: So you can place an order for this workstation without the GPU, but we won't be able to sell the GPU separately to you. You would have to purchase that from another vendor. Let me check what GPUs are compatible with this though. The onboard graphics will not be sufficient I presume? ASPEED AST2600 has display port support
Customer: So, the system does have some graphics capability without adding a GPU?
Agent: That I can't say for sure unfortunately. I do know the RTX A4000 - 6000 are qualified and supported on this. If these are overkill for you, I don't see any other qualified ones unfortunately or at least tested with it. My mistake, its just a VGA port available on this.  I can check internally on this, but I believe you would need a GPU in this case. 
Customer: I just need a very minimal GPU and hopefully there is one capatiable for this system.
Agent: Sure, I can check that for you, but it looks like the A4000 would be the minimal one for this.  is your current configuration using a GPU card or onboard at the moment?
Customer: My current system uses an GPU card, but not only 2 GB.
Agent: Oh ok
Customer: There are only three choise in your configurator starting at 24 B size.
Agent: That is correct, that is the lowest available one since this is an enterprise workstation 
Customer: Can we use the A4000 with this system?  It is not in the list of choices.
Agent: A4000 is compatible. Oh I see, it's not listed Let me check on availability Unfortunately, we cannot get the A4000 currently due to shortages, but we can get a A4500, which is 20GB if that is ok with you?
Customer: The price right now for the configuration is 6207.45 iwthout tax or shipping.  How much is the A4500 going to add to the system cost?
Agent: Checking
Customer: Will this also affect time to ship the complete system, let me know that also, thanks?
Agent: It would add around $2200 and we do have it in stock so no time delays with that If you want to go with that option, we can create a pre-config for you with the specs you require.  I'd need your CPU, memory, and storage options first 
Customer: Ok, the 32 core AMD, 128 GB of memory 8x32Gb for a total of 1258 GB, and 4 TB Main 3.5" MG04ACA 7200 RPM etc. and internal 960 GB 2.5" PM883 SATA 6GB/s Solid State Drive
Agent: Ok thanks  8 x 32GB memory adds up 256Gb actually did you want the 16GB?
Customer: my bad 8x16 for 128 total
Agent: Ok got it thanks I can email you with the pre-configured link once is ready, within a few hours for sure
Customer: Ok, I will be looking for it.  Thanks!
Agent: Great! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Good for now, will you hold the system for me, so I can place the order today? I think there is only 1 remaining.
Agent: We can't hold unfortunately, but luckily we may have more actually even though its showing 1. 
Customer: I will just hope for the best and be watching for the link.  Ok thanks again.
Agent: Yeah I'll get that quickly to you and you're welcome! I'll be in touch soon. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Asadullah, how can I help you?
Customer: Hey, we just made an account and we are authorized resellers Can you please confirm how can we have smooth dropship orders procured we have multiple orders in hand do i just need to place an orders online? how we get to know the real time inventory etc
Agent: You would just place orders online directly with us You wouldn't know real time inventory, but we can check if we do have availability or lead times We only accept credit card/ACH bank account transfer as payment options currently
Customer: so would i get to know the availability after placing the order? or before hand?
Agent: if you can place the order with the product and quantities you've chosen, we have that in stock for sure it won't let you add to cart or purchase if we don't if we are low in stock or out of stock, we can try to fulfill that request by transferring inventory, which typically takes within a day
Customer: do you have a list of inventory so we can have our data synced with it? on daily basis, weekly or anything?
Agent: We don't have that available for sharing unfortunately 
Customer: no worries so do we need to confirm everytime before placing the order?
Agent: no not at all. you can place the order directly without having to chat/email with us as long as we have stock available
Customer: if it's there. it means it's there correct? Thanks for the help looking forward to do bussiness with you
Agent: Yeah if you can add to cart and proceed to checkout, we have it in stock ready to ship except for servers those need to be assembled, but components for sure Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: thanks not at this point
Agent: Ok sounds good. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Vivian
Customer: Hi, our customer is a gov. and they can only place N30 PO can we transfer 3 pcs MCP-220-00092-0B to the regular WH for an order?
Agent: eStore doesn't carry this item MCP-220-00092-0B
Customer: it shows in stock pls check again, thanks
Agent: where are you seeing this?
Customer: I am on estore now
Agent: can you provide me the link?
Customer: https://store.supermicro.com/mcp-220-00075-0b.html
Agent: that's MCP-220-00075-0B we have 3000+ in 1001 for MCP-220-00075-0B is there anything else I can help you with today?
Customer: Chat is idle due to 10 minutes of inactivity
Agent: Hi Jesus, how can I help you?
Customer: I'm trying to place an order but keep an Internal error message.
Agent: I'm sorry you're having issues with your order. What is the error message and for which product(s)?
Customer: Internal Error. Details are available in Magento log file. Report IDLwebapi-624c987364b5a MCP-220-00075-0B
Agent: Ok thanks Are you getting this error during the address portions? or when you're actually trying to complete order with the credit card?
Customer: After I go to chech out. The address displays with a check mark. Then the rror appears and there's no way to move forward.
Agent: Oh I see. Can you provide me the quantity of MCP-220-00075-0B and the address for billing/shipping?
Customer: 23 Supermicro Black (Gen 5.5) Hot-Swap 3.5" Hard Drive Tray with Hollowed Dummy (MCP-220-00075-0B)
Qty23
Agent: Ok thank you Were you even able to add the address?
Customer: The shipping address shows with a check mark. Should I try adding a new address and see what happens?
Agent: yeah please if you can
Customer: added new address (same one actually) and now the little "wheel" has just been spinning.
Agent: What is the address in question?
Customer: 555 Sawgrass Corporate Pkwy Sunrise, FL  33325-6211
Agent: Ok thanks, give me a moment Sunrise is the city?
Customer: yes. The site even comes up a recommended address, which is just adding the 4 digits after the zip.
Agent: it lets me get to shipping option 555 Sawgrass Corporate Pkwy
Sunrise, FL US 33325-6211 using this address not the recommended one I'm on Chrome if that helps Google Chrome
Customer: Right now the screen is stuck Going to refresh screen
Agent: Ok
Customer: So now at the bottom after Shipping  I'm getting "Sorry, no quotes are available for this order at this time"
Agent: Are you using the recommended one where it's all capitalized?  That option gives me that same error The one I entered manually does not
Customer: Your system capitalizes automatically. I've tried using both ways and still can't get past this screen. Can I just place the order with you or someone else?
Agent: You can only place through online unfortunately. Try with new address using the syntax you gave me:

555 Sawgrass Corporate Pkwy
Sunrise, Florida 33325-6211 Do not click the recommended  I'm not sure why its automatically upper casing it
Customer: Nope. When I hit Ship Here, screen greys out and the wheel comes back and it just sits there. Switching browsers
Agent: Would it be possible to try from a different computer or browser? I'm unable to replicate the error other than using the recommended address Actually now when I get to billing, I get the Magento error
Customer: Different browser, same error. Can't change computers. looks like you guys are having an issue.
Agent: Hmm, looks to be internal error or FedEx having the issue. The address looks to be accepted Give me one more min, let me see if I can whitelist your address  Thanks for waiting. Can you try again?
Customer: standby
Agent: Ok Exactly like this

555 Sawgrass Corporate Pkwy
Sunrise, FL 33325-6211
Customer: Nope. Still getting the magento error and the "Sorry, no quotes are available for this order at this time" after Shipping Methods.
Agent: Ok this needs to be debugged internally as its not an issue on your end, I apologize for the inconvenience. I will email you back once the issue has been resolved
Customer: ok, thanks.
Agent: Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Nope. Thanks.
Agent: You're welcome I'll be in touch soon. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Doug How may I help you? 
Customer: Hello, The site will not let me generate a key for the mother board. I am copy the mac address straight from the ipmi screen.
Agent: I assume that you follow this guide:https://store.supermicro.com/media/wysiwyg/productspecs/Supermicro_How_to_Generate_Software_License_Keys.pdf
Customer: I have done this multiply times. This the first that will not work.
Agent: hmm. Please give me a moment while I check for you.  Is #1000024664 your order?
Customer: yes
Agent: Thank you for confirming. Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: 👍
Agent: I contacted internal to check on this issue. In the mean time, can you please provide the screenshot where the error occurs? 
Customer: here
Agent: I'm sorry for this inconvenience. I will need to double check with our web development team for this. Can I get back to you via dwilson@geodigital.com?
Customer: Yes
Agent: May I also have your MAC address in case? Thank you
Customer: 0e:c4:7a:65:e3:38
Agent: Thank you for your information. I will email you back as soon as I have the answer from them
Customer: 👍
Agent: Again, I apologize for this inconvenience. Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: no
Agent: I will get in touch soon. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Garron How can i help you today? 
Customer: Do you sell drive sled labels w/o the screws?
Agent: Like tool-less drive trays?
Customer: Here you have the labels with the screws...	
Supermicro Screw Bag (100 Screws) and Labels (24 Labels) For 3.5" Hot Swap Hard Drive Tray (MCP-410-00005-0N) I was trying to see how I can get the labels only without the screws.
Agent: We don't sell them on their own, but let me double check. 
Customer: Thanks... if you sell more sheets with screws that would be better.
Agent: I just checked unfortunately we don't sell them on their own.  Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.
https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy
Customer: Do you sell direct? LIke 	
Supermicro Screw Bag (100 Screws) and Labels (24 Labels) For 3.5" Hot Swap Hard Drive Tray (MCP-410-00005-0N)
Agent: Yes so anything we have on our eStore we sell to anyone with valid U.S shipping & billing address.  https://store.supermicro.com/screws-3-5-labels-mcp-410-00005-0n.html
Customer: Which screw label set would be best for my 7048A-T's?
Agent: Give me a second to check. 
Customer: Thanks!
Agent: This one is for 3.5" drive tray MCP-410-00005-0N drive trays https://store.supermicro.com/screws-3-5-labels-mcp-410-00005-0n.html
Customer: Thank you Have a good day!
Agent: You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else?  Thank you!
Customer: I'm good... out here!
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Jeannie How may I help you? 
Customer: Do you have the replacement model to Supermicro PWS-920P-1R2 900W Power Supply?
Agent: This power supply is not EOL yet, so we don't have the replacement SKUs for it. How many of this are you looking for?
Customer: 4 units asap
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: Ok, Thanks.
Agent: Unfortunately, this power supply is shortage currently. Please check with our resellers or distributors for availability https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy or you can contact our RMA department to see if they can support
 RMA department email address: rma@supermicro.com
RMA department phone #:  1-408-503-8000 option 3
 
Customer: ok, Thank you. Bye.
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Carlos
Customer: hello
Agent: How can i help you today? 
Customer: looking for servers we purchases supermicro in past, wanted to speak to someone to give specs
Agent: Of course, what are your specs?
Customer: dual CPU, intel preferred
256gb RAM
gen4 pcie for two m.2drives
two m.2 drives (512gb and 2tb)
dual 10gb rj45 nic
dual power supply
basics
Agent: Thank you Please give me a moment to see what we have. 
Customer: need asap, so stock available
Agent: I see. How many are you looking to buy?
Customer: two may need more within few weeks
Agent: Okay. Please bear with for few minutes while i look for one. 
Customer: sure
Agent: we have SYS-120C-TN10R https://store.supermicro.com/sys-120c-tn10r.html
Customer: i have to select the quantities? like ram?
Agent: Actually this one is better SYS-120U-TNR https://store.supermicro.com/sys-120u-tnr.html
Customer: like the amount on the page is just for whats selected, correct? like 4 x 8gb ram
Agent: You get configurate the system your liking. 
Customer: is it instock what time frame am i lookin at, for delivery
Agent: Yes it's in stock and should ship out out by Thursday/Friday if you order now. 
Customer: i was given the specs by my network guy who has gone home for day can i get a full quote or its up to me to select everything when does volume discount come into play
Agent: We can help out with the quote but we need to know which cpu you would like. 
Customer: does this one have dual power supply
Agent: Give me a second to check if it has dual power supply This system has Redundant power supply which is dual power supply. We don't provide volume discounts for servers.  Do you know which CPU you would want for this system?
Customer: im checking
Agent: of course take your. 
Customer: are there 2 x 10gb ports nic on this model are the 10gb onboard?
Agent: Please bear with me for a few more minutes while I check for you.  I'm sorry, Is it okay if i can email you at carlos@imstransport.com when i get the correct information. 
Customer: yes. if easier, can i get a call?
Agent: Yeah we can have someone call you. what is your number?
Customer: 732-718-5327 thank you
Agent: We'll have someone call you shortly.  thank you for your patients! do you want RJ45 or SFP+?
Customer: rj45 thank you
Agent: Okay thank you.  So it does support 2 x 10gb but it's optional, you would to add it on. 
Customer: can you add to quote i need dual 10gb on each server
Agent: yes we can. 
Customer: i will wait for call or quote
Agent: Please bear with us while we do this. 
Customer: sure
Agent: Where able to get CPU you'll need?
Customer: intel xeon silver 4314 16 core 2.40 ghx and i need 256gb ram however that breaks down (4 x 64gb?) and dual power supply
Agent: thank you. We are going to work on the quote with the specs given and we'll be in contact with you once we get this done. 
Customer: and dual 10gb rj45 nic dont forget two m.2 drives: 480gb and 1.9tb i assume one is onboard, the other will be pcie, need riser no raid no os we will do that
Agent: thank you for all the information. Well be in contact with you soon. 
Customer: tks you have my email right
Agent: carlos@imstransport.com?
Customer: yes, tks
Agent: You're welcome!
Customer: and best price military discount, whatever you can do
Agent: Unfortunately we don't have no discounts. 
Customer: ok, had to ask anyway
Agent: Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: that was all thanks have a good nite
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Carlos Pino left the following comment: mark was very helpful
Agent: Hi Jamie
Customer: hello
Agent: I assume you need assistance with tax exempt?
Customer: yes please
Agent: We do accept tax-exempt, but it would be applied after the purchase not during the time of purchase.

In order to apply for tax exemption, you would need to provide valid certificate, which you can send to eStore-support@supermicro.com along with your order number.

Your tax-exempt request will be processed after we have verified that the certificate is valid. 
It usually takes up to 10 business days for the tax amount to return back to your original form of payment.
  Before submitting a request, please review the tax exempt guide carefully.  Incomplete or incorrect submissions will be rejected.
https://store.supermicro.com/tax-exemption-guide
 
Customer: thank you
Agent: You're welcome Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: no, thats it
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Vlad How may I help you? 
Customer: Hello! I'd like to buy a new and very powerful workstation with the new AMD Ryzen Threadripper PRO 5000 series processors, when will workstations with those processors become available?
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you. 
Customer: Sure
Agent: Unfortunately, I don't see any information about this  AMD Ryzen Threadripper PRO 5000 series processors on the main site yet. I would recommend you to contact with our Sale team to see if they have any information about this type of server. 
Sales-USA@supermicro.com  
Customer: Ok, thank you very much and have a very nice day!
Agent: Thank you! You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Hello, I would like if you could provide me with a minimum discount coupon, to be able to make my purchase immediately.
Agent: Hi Cicot. 
Customer: hi Hello, I would like if you could provide me with a minimum discount coupon, to be able to make my purchase immediately. pls
Agent: Unfortunately we don't discount coupon. 
Customer: you can create a coupon for me?? or any code
Agent: Sorry we can't Can i ask where do you place to ship this? Where do you plan to ship this?*
Customer: Hi Kyle ... i am trying to mount virtual iso and am being prompted to buy SFT-DCMS-SINGLE license can i be assured the produce on the e-store is compatible with my 	SYS-220U-TNR
Agent: Hi James Let me check  Yes DCMS is compatible with this server
Customer: ok, thank you
Agent: You're welcome Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: nope, that's all.  thanks again James Ward left the following comment: Kyle helped expertly! Hello. How may I help you?
Agent: Hi James
Customer: Hi Liz ... i'm trying to add SFT-DCMS-SINGLE to my cart, but i have to select a Motherboard / System model none of the options are my system - 	SYS-220U-TNR
Agent: The motherboard of this system is Super X12DPU-6
Customer: ok trying to locate that option
Agent: You can type X12DPU-6 at the search area
Customer: it says no entries found ha ... i transposed D/P i located it
Agent: Sound good! Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: one more thing.  if i buy qty 2, i'll be able to specify each license for 2 different servers?
Agent: Is that the other server also SYS-220U-TNR?
Customer: yep, they are identical
Agent: I see. It will be ok if you buy 2 together. You will generate the key for each motherboard by their serial number and BMC MAC address later
Customer: perfect, thanks much
Agent: Please follow this guide https://store.supermicro.com/media/wysiwyg/productspecs/Supermicro_How_to_Generate_Software_License_Keys.pdf No problem Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: that's all for now, thank you James Ward left the following comment: excellent service!
Agent: Hi Phil
Customer: Hi Mark
Agent: How can i help you today? 
Customer: I'd like to buy a complete system E100-9W-C How can I purchase?
Agent: We don't carry this system on our eStore but we have similar ones
Customer: Is it discontinued?
Agent: No we just don't carry it .  we do have https://store.supermicro.com/systems/iot.html
Customer: so when I click on the link, it just sends me to the form
Agent: Please register an account and let me know your email address. https://store.supermicro.com/customer/account/create/
Customer: philb@jaco.com
Agent: Please give me a seconds
Customer: ok
Agent: We are enabling your account. 
Customer: ok
Agent: You can access our System tab now once you log out and log back in. https://store.supermicro.com/customer/account/login/ Where you able to create the account with the email philb@jaco.com?
Customer: I requested for a password reset waiting for the password reset email
Agent: Did you create the account with the link https://store.supermicro.com/customer/account/create/ ?
Customer: yes i did
Agent: Please give me second to check. 
Customer: ok
Agent: Can you please use the link https://store.supermicro.com/customer/account/create/ and fill out the information submit it to create the account?
Customer: Hi again Kyle ... working to register my systems.  are you able to look up my customer ID? here is one of my s/n's : S411795X2300998
Agent: Hi James, did you purchase the systems directly from Supermicro or from a reseller?
Customer: reseller
Agent: You won't have that customer ID unfortunately as the SN register is only for direct Supermicro customers currently. If you need warranty information, you'll have to check with the reseller you purchased from. 
Customer: alrighty, sounds good.  thanks again
Agent: Hi Phil  Where you able to create the account?
Customer: I did can you send me the link again for the server
Agent: We need to first enable you, please give us a second. 
Customer: ok
Agent: You can access our System tab now once you log out and log back in. https://store.supermicro.com/customer/account/login/ here are options for servers https://store.supermicro.com/systems/iot.html This one would most similar to what you are looking for SYS-E100-9S https://store.supermicro.com/sys-e100-9s.html where able to access the server page? We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: hi
Agent: Hi Joshua
Customer: I wanted to find out if you can shipped to Singapore? i need a heatsink Supermicro 2U Passive Proprietary CPU Heat Sink Socket LGA2011 (SNK-P2048P)
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, our Supermicro eStore currently only ships within the United States. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy 
Customer: i actually have a Fedex account, you can't shipped it using my account?
Agent: We don't accept Fedex customer accounts unfortunately Would you be shipping within the US?
Customer: no, i needed it in Singapore i was checking with the distributor in Singapore, but the leadtime they gave me was 8-24 weeks which i don't understand its shown as ex-stock in your online portal
Agent: Ah ok You can try with our Sales team in Asia: https://www.supermicro.com/en/about/contact
Customer: yeap, i've asked them but i can't wait 24 weeks for just a heatsink
Agent: Sales also said 24 weeks?
Customer: yes
Agent: There's not much we can do then, maybe try a US reseller that can ship to you. 
Customer: ok thanks
Agent: You're welcome, sorry about that.  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: that will be all, thanks
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Ben How can i help you today? 
Customer: Hello Liz! I am interested in Supermicro® Total Solution for Canonical with Kubernetes Containers. I am an independent consultant and one of my clients is looking to upgrade their servers. We would like information about configuration and pricing.
Agent: I see. May I know which SKUs are you interested in?
Customer: Well, that's where we would like some help. I saw the article that super micro posted: https://www.supermicro.com/en/solutions/kubernetes-canonical and I also read the reference architecture pdf. I have some ideas on what we may need but was hoping to get some guidance on what products to go with for our use case.
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  Unfortunately, the only SKus that our eStore carry is SYS-6019U-TN4RT, but it is currently out of stock.  If you are interested in the SYS-6019U-TN4RT, I can check for the ETA. and get back to you via email ben@ihelpu.tech. Do you want me to check for this server SKUs ETA?
Customer: Yes please! That would be great
Agent: Thank you for confirming
Customer: Would there be another department I could talk to about the rest of the solution?
Agent: I will email you back as soon as I have the ETA information.
Customer: sounds good 👍
Agent: Yes, you also can contact our sales team for other solution Sales-USA@supermicro.com  
Customer: 👍 Thanks for your help!
Agent: You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi George! How can i help you today? 
Customer: hi, do you know my customer ID number?
Agent: Do you purchase directly with Supermicro sales or eStore?
Customer: I do not see it on my recent invoice estore so far but i have a server board i was going to register
Agent: I see. It should be included in the receipt that ship with your server
Customer: i purchased from a reseller
Agent: Oh I see. I would recommend you contact with the resellers where you purchased the motherboard from for the customer ID.
Only Supermicro direct customers have a Customer ID, unfortunately.
Customer: oh. does that mean i cannot register the product?
Agent: Yes, unless your resellers can provide the customer ID for you. If you would like to check the warranty of the board, I might help you for that if you have the serial number of it
Customer: sure. UM219S003466
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, I cannot find any information about the warranty for this motherboard. You would have to check it with your reseller.
Customer: is the number incorrect?
Agent: It's correct number, but it doesn't show any warranty info from my end
Customer: odd ok, well hopefully its all good
Agent: Hi Patrick How may I help you? 
Customer: I had sent an email in a couple weeks ago and hadn't heard back.  I have 3 cable management arms that I purchased and they are the wrong model and I would like to send them back.
Agent: I'm sorry that we didn I'm sorry that we didn't see your email To submit an RMA  (return) request, please utilize our new support portal at https://webpr3.supermicro.com/SupportPortal/. If you have not submitted a request before, please register prior to doing so.   Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: That will work - thank you for the link.
Agent: You're welcome.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Phil How can i help you today? 
Customer: Looking for a iOT server for firewall/Edge compute application That's ready to ship
Agent: You can check on all the IOT that we carry from this link https://store.supermicro.com/systems/iot.html
Customer: Also, if you have a local retailer in Los Angeles; I'd like to know
Agent: Our system will be build and ship within 1-3 business days  You can find our resellers and distributors at this link https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy But I'm afraid that we don't have any authorized partner at Los Angeles. Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: Which system has the most network interfaces but includes at least one serial port
Agent: Please give me a moment while I check for you.  The network controller for SYS-E100-9S and SYS-E100-9W-H are the same. They both have Single LAN with Intel® I210IT and
Single LAN with Intel® PHY I219LM But currently we only have  SYS-E100-9S  is in stock and ready to ship. As for other potential systems that fits your needs, you can visit our corporate site:
https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/embedded/servers You can use the filter by the amount of network ports, applications, and etc. when using our corporate site.
Customer: SYS-E100-9S shows it has two network interfaces
Agent: They both have 2 RJ45 Gigabit LAN Ports
Customer: Why did you say "they" both have a single LAN
Agent: They have  two 1Gbe LAN ports  I meant they have the two 1Gbe LAN ports with the Intel i219LM and i210IT network controller. I'm sorry for the confusion Is there anything else I may help you with today?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Ben
Customer: Hi Mark, is there a compatible riser converter for X10DRW-i motherboards since pcie have to be mounted horizontally
Agent: Please give me a moment to check.  For this motherboard a compatible riser card would be RSC-R1UW-2E16. 
Customer: is this available in the SM store?
Agent: Unfortunately we don't carry these on our eStore. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.
https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy

Customer: ah great, Thanks for the help appreciate it!
Agent: Of course! Can I help you with anything else?  We haven't heard from you in awhile so this chat will be closed in approximately two minutes. We want to make sure we get your questions taken care of so if you need any further assistance, you can reach us here again or email estore-support@supermicro.com  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Scott How can I help you?
Customer: We are looking at your solutions in Servers, but when I price them out I don't see any details on warranty/on-site service, or even the ability to add that to a build (kinda like what Dell offers for their solutions)
Agent: For warranty, we currently offer 3 years for server, 3 years for parts, and 1 year of cross—shipping. I'll have to double check when extended warranty would be available. 

As for on-site support, we do not offer that from the eStore side unfortunately.
Customer: 3 Years is fine, but how do you handle a "server is down" and we need parts NOW as these servers would be used in mission critical apps
Agent: For the 1st year, there is cross-shipment where we'd send you the necessary part first. I believe next week, we'll have extended warranty available to get that option longer than 1 year  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: How fast is cross shipping?  Example:  A drive fails from an array and the array goes into a degraded state.
Agent: Cross shipping would be overnight
Customer: Does that include weekend delivery?
Agent: Let me double check
Customer: I ask this because if we can consider you for enterprise solutions then service level is going to be key
Agent: No worries that's understandable Saturday delivery would be an option, but Sunday may not be guaranteed, but it is our RMA department that would handle the cross-shipment.  In terms of sending out the replacement part
Customer: Ok. since you said the e-store doesnt do on-site support, do you have a side of the company that does?
Agent: If you wanted onsite, you may need to go with our Sales team for that option.  Let me get their information
Customer: Ok. We are in Arizona. In case they have territory assignments
Agent: Ok I believe they do, but they just have 1 email for contact.  Sales Inquiry (Non-Government): Sales-USA@supermicro.com
Sales Inquiry (Government): Government_Sales-USA@supermicro.com
Customer: ok .Thanks.
Agent: you're welcome Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: Thats all
Agent: Ok sounds good, sorry we didn't have all the options needed. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: MCP-230-41803-0N
Agent: Hi Gin How can i help you today? 
Customer: hi ! i was told to get this lid MCP-230-41803-0N. do you have them in stock?
Agent: I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry MCP-230-41803-0N on our eStore. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.

https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy  Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: o - i am done - thanks!
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Curtis How can i help you today? 
Customer: Good morning. We are looking for a replacement model for a Supermicro server that has been discontinued. I have filled out Contact Us form on the Supermicro website but never heard back from anyone. Can you help me get in touch with a sales person?
Agent: Sale team information is at Sales-USA@supermicro.com 
Tel: +1 408-503-8000

Customer: Thank you. I will try calling that number.
Agent: Before you leave can i ask for the replacement model you are looking for?
Customer: We had been using the 1028R-MCTR but are finding it very difficult to get a server that meets those specs and size. It's kind of a niche product. The replacement server has to have the following:
-Short depth (19.98")
-Dual CPU
-4x network ports
-Hardware RAID Controller (not Intel RST)
-1x PCI-E slot
Agent: I see, Please give me a moment to check into this. 
Customer: Thank you! We'd be fine with a 2U server if it met the depth requirements and offer those features.
Agent: Thank you, let me see if we have anything like this available on our eStore. 
Customer: That would be great. Thank you for your help!
Agent: I was able to find two with similar specs that you provided. The only difference in short depth. SYS-1029P-WTR https://store.supermicro.com/wio-server-sys-1029p-wtr.html?utm=smcpp and https://store.supermicro.com/wio-server-sys-1029p-wtr.html?utm=smcpp https://store.supermicro.com/2u-ultra-sys-220u-mtnr.html?utm=smcpp sorry it's : SYS-1029P-WTR https://store.supermicro.com/wio-server-sys-1029p-wtr.html?utm=smcpp & SYS-220U-MTNR https://store.supermicro.com/2u-ultra-sys-220u-mtnr.html?utm=smcpp  there is also SYS-1029P-MTR but it doesn't have 4 network ports and we don't carry it on our eStore.  https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/system/1U/1029/SYS-1029P-MTR.cfm  Please feel free to let me know if you have any questions on these systems. 
Customer: Thank you so much. I will check these all out.
Agent: Of course. If you need any assistance with configuration or have questions please feel free to let us know 😊 Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: That was all. Have a wonderful day!
Agent: It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: I'm looking to purchase 5 of SuperChassis CSE-745BAC-R1K23B. Where can i buy them?
Agent: Hi Zbigniew How can i help you today?  I'm sorry, but unfortunately, we do not carry any chassis on our eStore. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.
https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy 
Customer: Thanks
Agent: You're welcome.  Is there anything else I may help you with today? 
Customer: No. Thank You
Agent: You're welcome. It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Ryan How can I help you today? 
Customer: Hello I order this SFP AOM-AQS-107-B0C2-CX and I have this switch on site SSE-F3548S/SSE-F3548SR The SFP's are not working ? or they not compatible ? it states that the SPF's would support 1gb but they wont work
Agent: It should be compatible with your switch since it shows on the optional parts list on this link https://www.supermicro.com/en/products/accessories/networking/SSE-F3548S.php
Customer: should and not working are two diffrent things seems to not fit in the chassis properly as well
Agent: Hmm.  I think it would be best if you checked with our technical support team regarding this problem:
Tech Support: Support@Supermicro.com 
Tel: +1-408-503-8000 
Customer: hmm i think not i think it just dont work
Agent: Hi Dan.  How can i help you today? 
Customer: I can't create an account, the captcha keeps kicking me back to the beginning I want to buy an OOB Lic for an A2SDI-16C-TP8F
Agent: I see.  Please give me a moment.  Would you purchasing this OOB with a valid U.S shipping and billing address?
Customer: no, I live in the UK
Agent: Unfortunately our eStore only sales to customers with valid U.S shipping and billing address. Please check with our resellers and distributors for availability.
https://www.supermicro.com/en/wheretobuy

Customer: can you tell me the SKU I should ask for please
Agent: SFT-OOB-LIC
Customer: thanks
Agent: You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: no, that's all thanks (bit annoying I can't buy a license key because of my geographic location, but hey, that's the rules)
Agent: I am sorry. I apologize for inconvenience  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Checking an order Hi Kyle. I'm verifying the status of order 1000024673?
Agent: Hi Andrew Let me check It should be assembled by today or tomorrow and ship out by end of the week You should get a shipping email as well
Customer: Thank You for the information, that's all I needed to know!
Agent: You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: That's it for today. Have a great day and thanks again.
Agent: Thank you! It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye! 
Customer: Andrew Hall left the following comment: Quick and direct answers, perfect!
Agent: Hi Mark How can I help you?
Customer: Hi, We are an early stage startup and are looking to buy a development server which will be used by our engineers for software development but also as the continuous build machine And I wonder who could help me figure out which type of server is recommended for this type of use case
Agent: Sure I can help you with that. Were there any CPU, memory, or storage requirements you needed? Also, do you have a Supermicro eStore account with us as well?
Customer: I think I wanted to first understand which server line we should start with and then we can configure it from there
Agent: I can show you what lines we have once you create an eStore account: https://store.supermicro.com/customer/account/create/
Customer: yep, I have an account from a previous order (mark@arbo.works)
Agent: We have the mainstream line which is entry level, whereas our WIO are more rebust dealing with more I/O optimized solutions, and then Ultra would be enterprise level.  ok let me check Ok you should be able to browse and configure our servers  now when you log into your eStore account. 
Customer: we will need lots of processing power (complining, running tests...)
and lots of memory to keep as much as possible in memory to speed up build times
Agent: Ok sounds good, I think WIO or Ultra would be the way to go  So storage doesn't matter too much, more memory and CPU?
Customer: what's the difference between those two
Agent: Ultras have dual processors, more memory slots, and storage capabilities. WIO can have 1 or 2 processors but less memory slots
Customer: then ultra sounds like the way to go thank you!!!
Agent: you're welcome let me find one that may work you may need to log out and log back in btw for your accoint https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-1u-ultra-superserver-sys-610u-tnr.html WIOs have 8-12 dimm slots if Ultra is overkill. Otherwise, any of our Ultra offerings should be sufficient 
Customer: thank you - that's a great starting point for me
Agent: you're welcome storage like 2.5" or 3.5" options would be just a preference or need for you.  The CPUs and memory stay the same Can I help you with anything else? 
Customer: Chat is idle due to 10 minutes of inactivity
Agent: If there isn't anything else I can help you with currently, this chat will be closed in 2 minutes. Feel free to reach out to us again if you need further assistance.  It was nice talking to you. Have a great day, goodbye!  Hi Roberto How can I help you?
Customer: I need to buy an X12 server, with 32 RAM, 4 hard drives of 8 teras in raid 6, with a weon processor
Agent: Sure I can help you with that. May I ask where you are located or plan to ship these servers to?
Customer: 1 Aeropost Way, SJO-44803
maimi, Florida, 33206-3206
United States
Agent: Ok thanks Do you have an eStore account with us? If not, please register: https://store.supermicro.com/customer/account/create/
Customer: I already registered, but it does not allow me to see servers
Agent: Try logging into your account if you're already logged in, log out and then log in again https://store.supermicro.com/sys-510p-wtr.html may work for you
Customer: now if I already achieved, thanks
Agent: you're welcome
Customer: 👍
Agent: Another X12 option would be this: https://store.supermicro.com/supermicro-1u-ultra-superserver-sys-610u-tnr.html For any raid 6, we'll need to add a storage controller card to whichever server you were interested in and present it in a preconfigured option for you.  Let me know if that's something you'd like to do and for which server
Customer: yes
Agent: Sure, which server were you interested in? Also, are you able to pay with a US-credit card or ACH bank account transfer as we only accept those form of payments currently?
Customer: on moment
Agent: Are you still there?
Customer: yes
Agent: Ok My colleague Liz will further assist you with your request. Thank you
Customer: Kyle  transferred the chat to Liz ok,
Agent: Hi Roberto, I will help you if you have any question
Customer: ok TK
